pictures of lyon france foods ?
Well the Rosette of Lyon is very famous .
You 'll find pictures on the link below .
in my head ... sorry !
go to www.google.com and then type it in the lil blank thang Do any of the wineries have a restaurant ?
If so , which is the best ?
according to top chef , the restaurant at napa valley ... witch do you think is better ice cream or cake ?
Ice cream cake .
ice cream , better for you and little makes you fuller .
and it texture creamy and light and slightly whipped. , love it .
Ice cream IN the cake .
what iz aXXXel greaze ?
That 's a lube u use to get the rod going in and out smoothly ... can u dig it ? ? ?
I do n't know , but it sounds kinda hot Gooey stuff that makes your wheels turn better ?
why do spanish boys keep looking at me ( in my class ) ?
most of them are ugly and some are cute Damn it .
Remember to put ALL of your clothes on before going to class .
Um duh , they think you 're pretty .
maybe they like u or they just r weird Im sorry to the person I called A freaazoid ?
it is allright i guess you cooled down now , wan na be friends ? ? ?
( sorry for my comment too ! )
No !
I really meant what i said !
Habla espanol ?
how is this played ?
what are teh points and levels for ?
Well , it 's not a game , so you do n't `` play '' it .
It 's a knowledge base , which you can get info from , or add info to .
The points get you to new levels , which allows you to ask and answer more .
That 's all .
teh points ?
Forget the points , let 's start with `` How to use spell check ''
Lesson # 2 - putting questions in proper categories what is your favorite animal and y ?
Pig .
How can bacon , ham , and pork all come from one animal ?
One wonderful , delicious animal ... . .
Giraffe , because they 're tall like me !
Polar Bears because they are beautiful giants !
Cats .
They are very low maintainence .
Very pretty .
What is the sum of 50 +50 ? ? ?
100 its clearly 5050 .
duh .
uhhh 2 no 51 no uhhh 120 not it either 100 yeah How can I get my child to exeal is school ?
What does that have to do with dining out in Mexico ?
You mean `` excell at school '' .
It is n't going to happen unless you learn proper spelling and diction Mom .
Do you mean `` excel at school '' ?
I spelled excel wrong .
So what ?
Exactly , So What ?
slow down , typing is not hard at all Do n't worry , we still love you .
I just hit the wrong key and did'nt notice it until after I hit submit .
I know how to spell excel . ?
OK , do n't worry about it .
Especially on Y !
Answers ! ! ! !
It 's nice that you care about your spelling .
So many people do n't .
I 'm sure you know how to spell DID N'T too .
When it comes to education , I 'm a bit of a hard - @ $ $ sometimes !
You still spelled the wrong one for what you are refering to .
do you know anybody thats gay or a lesbo ?
like i ' ve know'n a lesbo and she tried to pole somthing on me but i beat the living crape out of her Well , obviously her taste must be bad if she wanted to molest someone who ca n't spell .
You might want to get some anger issues checked out .
I know lots of gay and lesbian people .
So what ?
why does this matter ?
i have plenty of friends that are gay , lesbian or bi and i 'm just not sure what the point of this `` question '' is is yahoo free ?
thanks ... yeah ... . .
very Yes it is .
I believe their marketing strategy is that the advertisements you see pay for the bill .
When you search something and you notice that you are sent to a company , that is who pays Yahoo .
There has been something in the news lately about Google with respect to this .
So , as always , nothing is totally free .
Hope this helps ?
Need English to Mexican / Spanish word transalation dictionary site . ?
http://babelfish.altavista.com / use this one .
It 's free freetranslation.com deos any boy in my school like me ?
probably No you are too ugly .
absolutely not how do you get ceet cods ?
Okay - is this , how do you cook cod ?
Or How do you eat cod ?
Or how do you get coeds ?
Assuming you are asking about how to eat cod , it is best with a knife and fork with a little lemon .
i suppose its cheat codes r something . .
there is really nothing more important than love ?
that varies widely from person to person , culture to culture .
i suppose if it is a pure love , untainted by all the evils of the world ... like a mother 's love for her child , the love one has for a pet , first love , etc , there really is nothing more important .
where would any of us be if someone had n't loved us along the way ?
and how empty and lonesome would all our lives be without knowing the joy of loving someone else ?
can you think of anything more important ?
i 'd love to know what it is !
Yes like air , water , shelter well it depends on who u r. synergistic ?
this for my pharmocology class Describes the interaction of two or more drugs such that their combined effect is greater than the sum of the individual effects seen when each drug is given alone .
Need driving directions from , Fontana , California to Manzanillo , Colima Mexico ?
Un able to find driving directions to Manzanillo Colima , Mexico ...
Leaving from Fontana California ...
Yolanda , I advice you to fly instead of driving .
Unless you want to dehydrate in the dessert for three days .
I go to Manzanillo every year , and the first time I drove there about ten years ago .
Not a great idea .
PLEASE PLEASE fly .
Great hotel to stay at :
Karmina Palace ! ! !
P.s Love Love Love Colima ... use map quest look on mapquest what can you do if you are not so brave and strong to forgive the girl you love ?
kill her if you really love her you will For what and why would help wich is the most expensive thing in the world thing in the world ?
love MY KID Bill Gates curious if anyone has ideas on what it might mean ?
I think if means you are n't making any sense !
lol What means ?
What are you asking ?
what does `` what '' mean ?
what are you asking ?
Whren you get points what do you use them for ?
When you get points what do you use them for .
I am currently using my points as a down on our new house : ) don `` t know but would love to find out to ask questions i listen to music when i cut grass , what are the best earbuds to wear to hear the music , and not the mower ?
earbuds wo n't filter out the sound of the mower .
You need to get something that filters out noise and allows you to listen to the music at the same time .
Using earbuds while mowing the lawn could actually conrtibute to hearing loss because you will have to turn the volume up to an unsafe level .
www.shure.com You can buy headphones that have a built in radio .
I think they are called Work tunes .
They work even when on a tractor , and thats loud !
who do you like aaron carter or zac efron ?
OMG , i love that cuttie zach effron he 's on that disney channel right well i 'll be going now byezz .
x0xJOSHUA x0x .
zac , , zac , , ZAC !
xDDD ZAC EFRON ! ! ! !
AARON CARTER IS A LOSER ! ! !
Who here watches family guy !
Yeah ! ?
The categorize the question has nothing to do with this .
Yeeessss !
I think it is really funny !
i do ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
its awesome and funny ...
ROCK ON ! ! ! !
STEWIE ... .
yeah ! !
It 's cool watch it everyday Everybody .
.
Look at my question ( 3rd to last quest . )
about FHA and my ?
mom .
I love the way I asked it .
Is it a zinger .
.
or what ? !
He he .
Smile : ) Hey Einstein a link to your question would do wonders !
I assume this is the lame question you are talking about : http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AkhRQdSzqmHHOn5xi2.wntnsy6IX?qid=20060710211639AA7bkGS
Wow that was so hard to post that link I am going to go rest now !
aaaaaaaa eh ?
Is a zebra black with white stripes or white with black stripes ?
Zebras ( members of the horse family ) , are native to central and southern Africa .
They are black with white vertical stripes on the head , neck , forequarters , and main body , usually with horizontal stripes at the rear and on the legs of the animal .
Gould , S. J. ( 1983 ) Hen 's Teeth and Horse 's Toes :
Further Reflections in Natural History .
New York :
W. W. Norton and Company .
In particular refer to Chapter 29 :
How the Zebra Gets Its Stripes .
One of the strongest pieces of evidence for black with white stripes , rather than white with black stripes comes from abnormal zebras where the ' stripes ' form as dots and blotches rather than lines .
These appear as white blotches on a black background , which is only understandable if it is normally a black animal with white stripes .
White with black .
both hahaha Do you think that I could have a career as one of those people that scrapes the gum off the underside of table tables ?
* * yah sure , start practicing whilst you 're in the mental hospital !
Ha ha very funny - Not ! !
It sounds like the perfect job for you para vc ?
sim how can get to new york from manitoba ?
Try walking .
It 's good exercise , and you might becoe a celebrity .
Plane ?
Flight from Winnipeg to Toronto , change planes and go the New York .
You could n't figure that out on your own ? ?
a couple breaks up & they have plans to go to a same place , who ' should not go !
the breaker , or the other ?
Hmmmm ... if they are really broke up , how do they KNOW they have the same plans ?
That means that they are still high schoolers and can not go to the same place .
I agree with one of the others , if they are GROWN UPS , they can both go .
One just have to keep his / her pride up and speak and move on .
Do n't give attention to the one who is seeking it and you will be fine !
This is a free country , so far , LOL , and one should not allow another to have control over him / her .
HE / SHE should go wherever their heart desires .
If he / she is sick , does he / she avoid a hospital ?
I do n't think so !
Break the control and go wherever you want to ! ! ! !
if you are grown ups -- both of you can go .
Sell the holiday on ebay as holidaying on one 's own is a bit sad .
does anybody here know what the skit lift of morey 's piers in wildwood nj. .
do you have a pic. ?
sorry i dont how do u get those little avatars to show up i saved mine but all i see i a smily ?
What does this have to do with dining out ?
Is it that difficult to put your question in the proper category ?
Yahoo has been having problems .
That may be all that is wrong .
Go here
http://answers.yahoo.com/my/my_edit;_ylt=AvOS1hQAiIlyriqsfcMWeG7sy6IX
and click on `` Use my Yahoo Avatar '' whats the best hotel in tx ?
I have been to a good hotel in Texas .
Is there such a thing ?
Also , what does this have to do with dining out ?
Driscoll in Austin , TX !
Four Seasons in Houston if you were the last person on earth and u could have one person with you hew would it be ?
my wife .
and we would
f -- like minks , raise rugrats and live happily ever after .
no one .
I want to be alone .
My wife , when times are hard I 'd never have confidence in anyone else .
why do women think that man cheats all the time is it because they do it and they feel guilty ?
well what i am trying to say is that women are more likely to cheat and they will blame their partner thinking that they also do it I 'm sure there is no real answer to your question .
Everyone woman is different .
I do n't think that women are more likely to cheat at all ! !
It goes both ways ! ! !
A thief can understand another thief 's criminal mind and criminal intentions !
Which is why a thief can catch a thief easily ; ) Any one ever been to carlos - n - charlies in cozumel , mexico ?
If you have been there , what did you think ?
i was there many years ago and it was great ! ! ! !
it was just the better place to go and have a nice time with friends .
but i do n't really know if it is still the same .
yes , but it was before the last big storm .
I have heard it sustained alot of damage .
It was always fun though !
you see sonic x ?
The TV show ?
Not sure what that has to do with dining out .
Yes , I 've seen the show .
I like Tails .
not yet only when I drive pass .
what does fonseca mean ?
other than being a very nice port wine ...
Fonseca Usage :
Spanish , Portuguese
Originally belonged to a person who lived near a dry spring , from Latin fons `` well , spring '' and sicca `` dry '' .
another meaning is fountain .
girls name `` An inlet of the Pacific Ocean in western Central America bordered by El Salvador , Honduras , and Nicaragua . ''
i have made that yahoo id but it cant take me to yahoo chat rooms why ?
The best place to dine out in Hermosillo , Mexico is probably ' Shack del espalda mojado ' you have to be 18 i am having the same problem Do Mexicans go to church when the hear the Taco Bell ?
if they stop off at Taco Bell on the way to church they will be sitting in the own pew HEY YOUR A PANDA YES WE GO TO CHURCH what is the best way to learn spanish ?
I already know quite alot of spanish , but I still need to learn more .
from the girls only please !
Hang around someone that speaks the language move to miami .
it 's little havanna down there .
get a spanish hottie for a boyfriend .
El Cabildo restaurant in Seville , Spain ?
Its a restaurant in the centre of Sevilla .
Ineed correct address and telephone number please Restaurante El Cabildo Plaza del Cabildo , s / n Centro - Sevilla Arcos de la Frontera Plaza del Cabildo s / n 956 702 264
This is all I could find .
It is in the Plaza del Cabildo but I could not find a web site with Seville phone directory .
Sorry Is there one case of polite tourettes ?
Is there someone in this world that randomly yells out compliments ?
LOL , not that i am aware of , but it would be a great comedy skit tho LOL .
thanks for the idea ! ! ! !
Not a funny skit , joke or any other kind of insult .
Tourettes is not funny , contrary to how your have been brainwashed by the media and liberal , selfish Hollywood movie makers .
I wish I was a punk rocker with flowers in my hair ! ?
What do you wish ?
Hi Sam
My daughter Rhiannon is touring and working throughout London at present .
She called me up a few weeks ago to tell me about this track Punk Rocker .
I have since down loaded this track and play it in my car all the time .
It 's a real 70 ' s song hey - and the words are very catchy too .
I will now think of you Sam and Rhiannon , each time I hear this song .
Love and joy
Beth xxxxx i wish your wihs comes true : ) POOF ! ! ! !
you are a punk rocker with flowers in your hair .
Now , go od on some heroine there are porne.message i use to recieved now i no longer want it how can i remove my email from thier list ?
IN SMALL LETTERS AT THE BOTTOM OF THE EMAIL IT SAYS UNSUBSCRIBE , CLICK ON IT AND DO WHAT IT SAYS IT IT WILL STOP Hit the Unsubscribe button .
You may be able to reply to one of their e mails and ask them to remove you from their list.I have certain mail that comes in that gives me a web site to go to , to unsubscribe .
How do you spell ANVARTARGET ?
i like to dine out .
sometimes i play spelling games when i dine out ok Maybe you are thinking avant garde ?
why isnt there a starbucks in italy ? ! ? !
i find it very annoying ! ?
well ... if you are so brave to call it coffee ... in Italy we call it `` dirty water '' ... try to keep open your mind please !
Why do you need a starbucks in italy bloody just drink their coffee , its better than friggin starbucks you idiot because italy is the home of real coffee ...
if you are in italy you should be running as far away from starbucks ' burnt oil water as you can , go taste a real espresso or cappucino ... well i have braces ad it 's hard to eat and i have to keep them on how does it work ?
well i ave braces eat lots of smashed potatos and drink lots of chocolate malts , yummmmm Is it hard to eat because you just got the braces and your gums are sore ?
If so , that will pass .
Just eat soup or other soft things and you will be OK .
When those braces come off it will be worth it .
You should have been given instructions from you orthodontist concerning which foods were more acceptable for you .
The key is to keep your braces clean after eating .
Do you think Italians are very picky about food ?
i just returned for my trip sicily as i have family down there i seem to really enjoy the food
if you try and take them out for something to eat in englnd they would look at you in disguist as if im trying to feed them dog food
the only foriegn place in palermo i found was a mcdonalds and to be honest you dont really want to eat a mcdonalds when you can have pasta pizza and all the other delcasies Food is highly valued as a commodity in Italy , but it 's probably the way we eat rather than what we eat that the Italians find repulsive .
A Meal in Italy is an event ; a social gathering with a large selection of home - cooked treats .
A meal here is throwing food down our throats , and the fast - food industry really embodies this approach .
It 's not surprising then that the Italians are n't too keen on being taken out for dinner rather than enjoying some quality time with their hosts .
yes verryy i love italian food .
looking for telephone numbers for bars / restaurants in los abrigos , tenerife ?
this site tells you everything you might want to know about tenerife
http://www.abouttenerife.com / did you find any ?
www.tenerife-hols.co.uk/locations.htm anybody hungry ?
want some rice and stake > lol ?
dont tease me like that unless you are really inviting me for stake and rice i do that sounds good Yo si quiero arroz y bistek y frijoles ! ! !
como extrano la comida de MORELIA .
why when we chew gum we get hungry ?
when we chew . .
we secrete digestive enzymes ... which are to help in digestion ... therefore ... .
we get . .
hungry Because we are using the eating mechanism and not actually getting any food so the body gets confused and gets hungry .
because you have worms looking for a romantic resteraunt ?
will be stayin in the las americas resort and need a nice place for a meal with my hubby try clarets restaurant
Claret 's Restaurant Claret 's Restaurant in Chayofa ( 5 minutes from Los Cristianos ) like their guests to savour their fine food and entertainment for the whole evening .
Once settled at your table , you will enjoy a leisurely meal , served at your own pace , in the lovely surroundings of an old Canarian farmhouse .
A very special evening , highly recommended .
Claret 's are offering a free bottle of wine with dinner to etenerife visitors .
Call mobile numbers 629 47 8888 or 629 848 261 to make your dinner reservations and remember to quote reference et1 in order to receive your complimentary bottle of wine .
i ca n't help I think you will struggle to find a decent restaurant there .
Lots of drunks maybe but no restaurants Does anybody now that where does the fly sleep at night ?
flies dont sleep , but they sometimes bother me when i dine out Flies do n't sleep .
They are alive for a maximum of two days , so they spend the whole time spoinkin ' and eatin ' and crappin ' , then they die of exhaustion .
Hello Harry Potter .
The dark lord had got you now ... ... .
avada kedavra ! ! ! !
Hahahahahahhahahaha .
O the fly sleeps in a bed of dirt !
is there anyone know that the most interesting and nice bar in ALBACETE , SPAİN ?
go to bar honolulu if you want to have fun
Caldern de la Barca 7 02002 Albacete , Spain
967 512 333 Abalello 's is fantastic ... go there what types of water borders Virginia ?
are you talking about virginia in the US or in brazil , and is that a place to dine out ?
The Atlantic Ocean , I think .
Atlantic Ocean good food , chic and hip decor , restaurants or tapas bar , unusual ambience , decor seville city center , spain . ?
Google your question .
Good luck .
good food , chic , hip with ambience tapas bar / bistro in seville and central madrid ?
In Madrid you have to check out Toro D'oro in the Plaza Major .
Not chic .
Not hip .
But trust me I positively and utterly assure you that you 've never been to a place like it in your entire life .
I 'm not going to let the cat out of the bag either .
GO !
I went there with a friend of mine who became friendly with the staff while he lived there for a year or two and when he walked in he was greated like a king as was I. whats your most embarrasing moment ?
title says all ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
funniest wins .
( i had no idea wat topic to put it under ) I was in South Padre and went to throw up over the balconey of our condo that we were renting but instead of throwing up over the balconey I stuck my head between the bars and got my head stuck !
Everyone tried to butter my ears and pull me out but I was soooo stuck .
So I woke up on th 2nd floor ( where our condo was ) about 4 hours later and I looked down and about 20 guys had a video camera and were filming me !
I was 18 , but you know 5 years later and nobody has let me live it down yet !
My most embarrasing moment was when I was in high school and I was voguing down the halls when this guy that I liked saw me .
I was driving and at a stop light by a lake when I saw two young women walking the lake .
One was cute and I started staring at her and was so attracted to her , I could n't keep my eyes off of her lovely face .
She noticed that I was looking at her and I smile at her and winked my eye ; she then gave me a sincerely serious stare and waved her hand .
With puppy dog eyes and infatuated , I waved back .
Then I heard a loud `` HOOOOOONK !
~ ! ! !
Move you idiot !
the light 's been green for 10 seconds ! ! ''
Evidently , this cute vixen was waving me in order to allow the flow of traffic to continue .
Boy did I turn into a little bug and hovered away at the speed of sound after that one ... .
where did the name chalupa came from ?
taco bell `` little boat '' From some marketing board room in NYC .
Who invented the bicycle ?
Pierre Michaux , probably the help of Pierre Lallement .
BUT they did it in Paris , which you may be surprised to know , is not in a restaurant in Guadalajara .
Ernest Michaux invented the modern bicycle ' pedal and cranks ' in 1861 .
Pierre and Ernest Michaux , the French father and son team of carriage - makers , invented the first ' bicycle ' during the 1860s Pierre and Ernest Michaux
( but some uncertainty exists ) Where can I find a wine dealer that has the best selection of Argentina wines in the UK ?
I am looking for Lurton Piedra Negra Malbec 2002 Old Compton Street W1 London There is a wine shop that has a very good reputation , no idea what the shop is called , but I did go there once .
Call them just go on this site ... .
www.the1.co.uk/l512p1.htm laithwaites.co.uk .
very good freewebs.com / ynobe ?
I Iam senior in college and we had to create a web site if you will check the site out and let me know what you think the adderess is above .
Good site .
Love the red and white colors .
Are you from h - town ?
I am .
What is LDHRJR at the top ?
or whatever those initials are ...
What are some good things to do in mazatlan .
Food , tours and activities ?
Here 's a web site that will help you plan : http://www.gomazatlan.com/things-to-do-mazatlan.php
Have a blast !
strolling tours check with the resport you are staying at How do you add a friend onto your myspace ?
I do n't know there emails so HELP !
go to the persons page u want 2 b friend with , and there should be a box under the name and pic and in it a button that says add to friends Go to their page , hit friends request in the contact box , and then you have to wait for them to accept you .
just click on `` add '' Do you think i should get plastic surgery ?
becase i think i should do you ?
depinds ... are you ugly ?
You 're perfect just the way you are .
See how much money I saved you ? ! ! !
That option is entirely up to you ; if you have the money to blow for it , then go to it .
Just remember , once you do it , you can never change it back .
where was the game called ringo from ?
which contry ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
i think it was german
btw , do you like to dine out ?
German ... ... . .
moreover it is a beter place Is it true ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . . ?
Is it true that if you eat whole milk every time it rains for 3 years you will be more likely to get pink eye ?
actualy ... in the early 1800 ' s that was a slight risk .
but only if you had diabeatise and where in your late 40 ' s or older .
but there is a type of shot only availible in Turky that you can get to provent this .
but the shot is very costly and few bother to get the shot .
1st , you do n't `` eat '' milk unless it 's gone bad ... really bad .
2nd , no , it 's not true .
SAY WHAT ? ? ? ?
in fuengirola ?
hi does anyone know of a place in fuengirola to take someone on a date to Hi !
You should try `` The Med '' in Torremolinos .
It should n't be too far from Fuengirola ( it 's just the next town over ) .
The Med is about halfway up a hill in Torremolinos and overlooks half the city and the Mediterranian .
The service and the food are WONDERFUL ! ! ! !
My husband and I went there last September ( 2005 ) and it was the best meal and experience of our trip .
It is kind of pricy , but if you want to impress your date , this is where to take them .
Ask to sit outside on the terrace if the weather is nice .
You wo n't be disappointed !
They were rated in Fodor 's guide to Spain , 2005 edition .
I ca n't find my copy or I 'd give you the number of stars , price range and address .
Good luck !
why is it that way people ?
Will you complete your sentence ?
What do u mean ?
They never learned it in etiquette class , but you can set an example by always doing it yourself .
fast food ? ! ?
what do you thInk is better mcdonald 0r tac0 bell ? !
We do n't have Taco Bell in Italy ... .
pity ...
I like it better than McD !
... ( why is your question in dining out Italy ? )
i love mcdonald 's chicken nuggets .
i dont care WHAT 'S in em. they 're heaven !
TACOBELL !
Though I eat at both .
would someone can give nice locations in spain for holidays ?
Wo n't beat Salou , Fantastic beach area.Every water sport under the sun.You are close to tarragona the old capital of spain.Only a couple of hours away barcelona.To the north the duty free state of andorra.Well worth a visit as it 's cradled in the pyranees Valencia is only 3hrs away and a very beautiful city.Make Salou your home base and you 'll be enraptured and captived by the splendor of spain Madrid or Barcelona Does Satan support Bush ?
I 'm almost certain he does ... .
No , Bush supports Satan .
I think so .
Has Anyone every eaten at the ivy resturant in tenerife ?
Its my mum and dads resturant , I used to work behind the bar there and was just wondering is there any feed back ?
No , whereabouts in Tenerife is it ?
I am a regular to Playa de Las Americas and have eaten in many nice restaurants .
Let me know where it is and I will go the next time I am over .
i dont Nope , only McD !
where is the best place to eat in mannathan ?
iam looking for am up scale resturant There are more fine restaurants in Manhattan than in any other city in the world .
When you arrive , ask any New Yorker , hotel employee , just about any local , and you 'll be sure to get lots of valid recommendations .
P.S .
You really should learn how to spell Manhattan .
arbys . .
I usually go to Burger King but I 'm kinda picky do you play the game jak and daxter ?
do you / yes its so fun ive beat it three times getting the power cells is easy its one of the greatest ! ! ! ! ! ! !
SOMETIMES wat does bootox mean and wat would it look like ?
hi Bootox is a clear liquid .
do you play jak and daxterr ?
yes it is very fun ive beat it three times getting the power cells is easy its one of the greatest How old do you think omarion is ?
Me and Omarion got married like 5 years ago .
But he wont tell me his real age but hes so sexy you got to love him .
But hes mine At a guess 65 but he looks a lot younger LOL From your question I can deduct he 's at least five years old ...
Hi there daughter in law I am sorry my son has not formally introduced us
I can tell you exactly how old O is he was born on October 31 , 1985
Congrats on the married and I hope to meet you sooon any ideas for romantics restaurants in Marbella ?
were to go out in Marbella ( age 30 - 45 ) Marbella Casino Restaurante
Address :
Hotel Andalusia Plaza s / n. Marbella , 29660 , Malaga .
Any restaurant in Spain would be romantic ... where do u apply to become a salt miner ?
Hutchinson , Kansas ... . .
I never knew u had to apply ... .
I thought you just showed up an told you what to do .
At a salt mine .
if you were a tree would you kill someone ?
yes i would jump in front of a car No !
how can i do that ?
No. can some one translate this for me > la culera desi pinche guero pendejo ?
F * @ # ing lazy @ $ $ white Bit * * I think it means
the anger of the bloody white fool something not nice all you can eat meat restaurant Churrasquero ? ? ?
We once ate at an all you can eat meat restaurant in Tenerife ( it had a great salad bar ) - think it was near to the airport Los Rodeos - does anyone know if they have more restaurants in Tenerife or Lanzarote ?
Thanks Do n't think I 've ever came across one of these in Lanzarote , lived here for 2 years now .
what is your favrite cartoon ?
What does this have to do with mexico ?
Do the Backyardigans count as cartoons cause if they do they are my # 1 The Jetsons television cartoon -
Tiny Toons
comic strip -
Citizen Dog
Disney classic -
Clock Cleaners with Mickey , Donald , & Goofy I am going to Valencia for New Year , where are the best places to go to eat and drink for the night ?
I was in Spain 3 years ago and stayed a few days in Valencia .
I found that just going into a tapas bar was the best bargain and the food was good , just make sure you sit at the bar believe it or not the food is cheaper if you order at the bar vs a waitress or waiter coming to take your order at the table .
Aros con pollo is a good plate , which is chicken and rice , Pallea is also a great dish , which is a mixture of rice , shrimp , clams , etc etc. it is great .
ISpain is a great place , had lots of fun there .
Food is great and so are the people .
restaurant happy good year ! ?
hi hi !
merry new year .
lol hi !
yes , have a happy new year .
Happy Good New Year to you too .
not a question ... ... . ?
tex mex in torremolinos is lovely .
mexican food . .
yummy ok finder ... .
i have common sense but u taught it was a good suggestion to put out there ... so dont try to get smart.wont get you far ok finder ... .
i have common sense but i taught it was a good suggestion to put out there ... so dont try to get smart.wont get you far yummy yummy got ta belly ?
:-) yes mexican food is yummy !
ohhh tht sounds good .
ill have to try it / sppppain ! ?
So what is good spain food ?
tapas !
but i bet you did n't actually mean to post this cause your too drunk to function !
:
D bless ya.x Paella and Tapas I 've lived there for a year , but it was in the South of Andalucia so it 's kind of different !
Well they eat a lot of calamars and drink a lot of beer !
Depending on where , they also have tapas which is a great thing ' cause you can try a little bit if everything !
They have small Spanish burgers , fries with special sauces , a lot of fried things : chicken , calamar , shrimps , fish ...
You usually eat that with your fingers and share with your friends .
As for the beer , San Miguel is quite good .
They cook everything is olive oil and it 's really good .
how come burritos , tostatas , and tacos are all made of the same stuff but they are different prices ?
it is a good way for them to rip people off and they think that you wont know the difference doese n't that piss you off the mexicans screwed us it was the frenchies idea Because they are different sizes and prepared different .
cose san valkentino ?
San Valentino in Abruzzo Citeriore , province of Pescara , is located on a hilltop between the Orta and Lavino rivers at an elevation of 1400 feet , in the Maiella National Park .
Its population is 1911 inhabitants .
can you say that in english ?
do u mean what is san valentino ?
Its Valentines Day a day when you celebrate love Can anyone recommend a villa rental in Albacete ?
We are looking for a 3 or 4 bed villa for June or July this year , we are fairly flexible on which week .
You can find rentals on this page : http://www.propertyforge.com/PropertyInAlbacete.htm or do a search - there are loads of holiday rentals , and if you book now it might be cheaper .
In fact I would definitely haggle since , there are more rental properties on the market than there are renters !
http://www.thinkspain.com/spanishproperties/4/2
I used these when I booked my villa .
heh heh ehh , sunshine is ruining our fun again ?
YEAH .
I SAID U SUNSHINE .
STUPID MORON hehehehhe ... .
i like spicy chicken WANGS no sunshine is rocking the house madam .
whatever turns you on whats a goood title name for a spoof on `` fergilicioussss '' by fergieee ?
me n my friend already made `` giraffeilicous ' GIRAFFELICIOUS DEF - His body stays vicous , he 'd be up in the barn , just workin on his feces , I 'm his witness , it puts yo leaves on hi - fly and they be linin down the dirt , just to go bazerkkkk fur - alicious A friend is doing a project about the EU and how they are n't letting Turkey in .
Their presentation is called EU idol and one of the songs is called turkilicious .
first to awsner this gets picked as best awsner ! ! ! ?
HE HE HE .
here is my question :
one day there was a pervalicious elephant , he farted and craped a huge crap .
Who died ?
yo momma died after she ate some corn on da cob ! !
p.s .
HEY CLAIRE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the elephant th crap what do you get when you have duck and a goose ? ! ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
* 1000000 points * the answer .
now you have 2 give me all those points cause basically i 'm right .
huh ?
you get a `` quacker '' that pinches your butt do you like italian giraffes ?
what is an italian giraffe ?
i love giraffes , never heard of an italian giraffe .
ive heard of sea giraffes and ice giraffes though all italians are giraffes in that they are all hairy .
I would guess it is a giraffe at a zoo in Rome , Florence or Milan .
do you like phones ?
phones are awesome !
PHONES ROCK THE SHIZ HOUSE I hate phones , they suck !
NO i like monkeys ?
MoNkEys RuLe ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this isnt really a question ... .
u got ta be careful .
the community guidlines are strict .
if its not a question , ppl report you .
i once got reported for asking if anyone like bananas ? ! ? ! ?
its weird ... just warning you .
and no of course i wont report u !
i LoVe mOnKeYs ! ! ! ! !
Thats sick !
yeah how can I make Mole ?
boil the chicken ... buy the mole jar .
drain chicken dont throw away the broth ... .
remove the mole paste from the jar nad heat high on a seperate pan slowly add 1 part broth ( fill jar with broth ) stir until all mole lumps are removed then add 3 more parts paste and heat until it is all lump - free ... .
stir occasionally then add to the cooked chicken and presto ur done , what kind ?
Black marker what part of cancun is the most popular during spring break ?
go to mazatlan Uhmmmm , the part that 's in Mexico ?
LOL ! !
Cozumel is awesome too .
do they still sell burritos at leon mexico ?
it was a blast in the 70s mmmhhhh In Leon , Guanajato , Mexico , of course they still sell burritos , and they are gooo - od .
if it 's mexican , then probably .
yes i think but if its Mexico then yes Anyone know of a good seafood restaurant in Javea ? ? ? ?
Or in general any good restaurants in Jave ?
Corral del Pato - One of our faviorites outside of Gata on Lliber - Jalon road .
Very good catalan cuisine with polular menu ; amazing wood fired lamb , oxen and duck !
Eat in or outside under huge carob trees .
Recommended / must book Tel 96 575 68 34 Local Jalon wine by pitchers .
Xcept Mon
Casa Pepa - Fantastic food in a nice setting .
This restaurant is located in the orange groves near Ondara .
Great menu / food , and excellent wine list .
Pricy but worth it !
Tel 96 576 6606 Xcept Sun / Mon
La Boheme ( & Los Remos ) - Are the two better restaurants at Javea 's arenal .
French owned / fine tapas .
Consistently good reports .
By Parador end of promenade Tel. 96 679 1600 Xcept Wed
El Clavo - In Port , Classic Spanish fishermans bar we 've frequented for 30 years .
Fresh seafood and good values .
Menu on wall only !
Overlooking sea near fishing docks .
Drassanes - Near Denia is one of the best fish restaurants .
Excellent `` memu Gastronomique '' .
Denia harbour front , end of palm treed avenue north of roundabout Tel 96 578 1118 Xcept Mon
Mena - On rocks at end of Las Rotas road ( over Montrgo - Denia rd , hard right at bottom roundabout Tele 96 578 0943 Lovely terrace right on the Sea ! Good for rice dishes .
Austrian Cafe Wien ( & bakery ) at arenal beach .
Excellent bread , pastries and croissants ( a favorite place for breakfast ) .
Tel. 96 579 3804 Xcept Wed Austrico restaurant is here too .
Piripi - Excellent / imaginative copious `` Tapas '' : on new pedestrian Javea port sea - front .
Book or but worth the wait .
Probably the most frequented by us for food and scenery .
Xcept Sun - pm & Mon
Azorin - Javea Port ( in street behind Napoli Pizza and Piripi ) Super Fish & Chips ( & chicken ) , great for kids !
Order a paella or fidejua ahead of time .
Great mixed fish plate .
Tel 96 659 4495
Cabo de la Nao - On the cliff next to the lighthouse Fantastic views and good food .
Tel 96 577 1835
Masena - Swiss owned with very good foods and wines , On road between Javea roundabout and Golf course , across the street from Giardino .
Try the salt encrusted sea bass .
Tel 96 579 3764
Gota de Mar - On main road just below the villa at entrance to Tosalet and Hotel Rodat .
Lovely terrace overlooking valley .
Tel 96 577 1648 Xcept Sun / Mon
Montgo - 2 to 3 Kms on Javea - Jesus Probre road on left with large patio below Montgo ) Amazing value , quantity , quality & well presented .
Praised for world 's best fish & chips !
Tel. 96 579 5021 Great view of the mountain .
Also try Los Almendros across the street !
Calpe Harbor - Can be the best place for fish : any restaurant will entice you in with marvellous displays of fresh fish .
There is nothing like this anywhere else nearby .
Strongly recommended .
Montevideo - A favorite for meat .
Just out of Benitachell on way to Cumbre Del Sol. Tel 96 649 3283
Pepe Y Estrella - On sea front near the port .
Classic spanish with a great view of the bay .
Have you got mad at someone ?
Plenty of Times yes , my husband a LOT of times lol ... .
and friends , sisters , I think it 's very common .
Yes .
Lots of times .
Does n't everybody ?
I wished to know about Barcelona / Taragona in Spian.About wheather , places to see , culture and indian food ?
You should visit the Sagrada Familia , the Gaudi building and park , and the Salvador Dali museum .
I stopped at these places when I went to Barcelona and they are great , especially the Sagrada Familia , a beautiful cathedral .
The Gaudi Park in more or less infront of the cathedral and it is beautiful .
It also has a very nice fountain , also designed by Gaudi .
When you are there you can also stop at any information booth there ( there are lots ! )
...
There are so many places to visit !
I ca n't really help with the Indian food , I was there for 10 days and do n't remember seeing any ; then again , I was n't looking for them : ) Have fun ! ! !
I have the best answer for your question `` I wished to know about Barcelona / Taragona in Spian.About wheather , places to see , culture and indian food ? ''
.
Please click the link below to check my answer :
Take the boat to Ibiza from Barcelona .
You 'll never want to leave .
where can you buy halal meat in granada ?
halal restaurants and butchers in granada The best thing for you to do is ask the butcher if the meat is halal .
Some butchers will do all they can to accomodate your needs .
Wherever the hella you want LOL Granada is a pretty up to date place .
Ask at any butchers and i am sure they could help you What is a good restaurant in Downtown Cozumel , near the cruise ship docks ?
Other than Carlos and Charlies or Senor Frogs .
Somewhere we can get some fresh , good seafood , maybe ?
I went to a restaurant called La Mission .
They had fresh seafood hanging out front of the restaurant ( ca n't get too much fresher than that ) .
The food was great and I even got to eat a fresh Habanero ( paid for it later ) .
It is located about three streets to the left from the Cruise Pier off the main strip .
You can see it from the strip , it 's located about half a block in .
Off topic :
Do n't pay full price for anything , all stores will bargain .
Have fun why am i lke this ?
like what ur probably the sweetest person ever = ) Babe , you got ta add more info than that .
No one 's going to answer you because we have no idea what you mean .
like what ?
is sonic the hedgehog really dead ?
I just want to know bcose some peple saty that sonic is daea I am getting wrooeyed I a fan of sonic becouse I love him I take him werever I go !
Nintendo WI has a new sonic game .
sonic died when the megadrive got old the 3d sonic games are all crap you 're asking about a video game on restaurant category ?
is this San Bernadino the same as the one in California . ?
No , this is San Bernardo , a beautiful beach on the coast of Buenos Airest state , Argentina , about 4 hours away from the city of Buenos Aires .
The San Bernardino in Calif. has a different spelling then the one in your question .
No its not How is Monterry , Nuevo Leon spelled ?
I thought it was Monterrey . ?
Monterrey , Nuevo Leon , Mexico is the correct spelling .
Monterey Nuevo Leon More of a suggestion ?
If you 're planning on being in the Costa Blanca area , south of Alicante , I suggest `` The Italian Affair '' .
Woooonderful food , and equisite service !
awesome have you heard of a henway and what is it ? ? ? ?
What 's a henweigh .
A hen weighs about 4 to 6 pounds .
Its an old joke .
Used by the Marx Brothers , among others
`` I like to hunt elephants in Alabama '' `` Really '' `` Yes , the Tuscaloosa there . ''
`` When I was in Africa , I shot a an elephant in my pajamas .
I never did figure out how he got into my pajamas . ''
its the weight of a chicken , about 3 to 5 pounds .
The only henway I found just now , doing a search online , was a system used by financial institutions .
The site is : www.henway.net
No definition exists in my dictionary .
Lili how can i find a suit case with tracker ?
track suit case There are some individual trackers that can be purchased seperately and attached to desired item for tracking .
Crutchfield.com jcwhitney.com search try some spy websites ( not little kid spy toy things ) ive heard of some websites that sells mini cams , trackers for cars , cases , and other misc. items .
good luck !
how do you say for sale , and call in spanish ?
for sale = `` a la venta '' `` en venta '' `` se vende '' to call : `` llamar '' call in : llame ( usted form ) for example :
Call in after two = Llame despues de las dos She called in that she was going to be late = Llamo que iba a llegar tarde .
Notice that the `` llamar '' form changes depending if it is on its tense .
Se Vende , and Yamar for sale = a la venta and call = llamada How is the Spaghetti in Trent made different than the ones in Rome ?
lol , i have no idea Do they sell Bologna , from Bologna , Italy in Trent ?
um , sure lol It 's not called Bologna , but Mortadella and I 'm sure they do .
Bologna is the english translation .
Do your prefer the Eggplant Parmesan from Rome or Turin ?
I love melanzane parmegiano .
It 's best if you meet someone then have dinner at their house , like my cousin who cooks it really good and she 's from Venice .
I do n't want Eggplant Parmesan , or any kind of Eggplant , even if it came from Mars ! !
DE Hi baby what 's up sweetie it 's da diva here baby and well to answer your question sweetie I prefer the '' Eggplant Pamesan '' from Rome Italy because I 'm from Rome Italy and I know for a main fact the eggplants parmesan taste much better than the ones in '' Turin '' Turin eggplant parmesan are alright but I just think and feel like Rome eggplant parmesan taste better .
as a matter of fact I think that I should catch a plane back to Italy and buy one then come back to Amercia sweetie what do you think.lol just kidding got to go baby love ya smootches da diva .
* What is your Hometown 's Landmarks ?
My hometown is a college town .
Everything revolves around that .
Mostly natural things are landmarks here ; the lake , the parks , the mountains .
Snooty , the manatee in Bradenton , FL and Tropicana
I now live in Stuart , the Sailfish Capital of the Word , and there 's a Sailfish sculpture located in a fountain downtown .
Would you move to Trent , Italy just to enjoy the Scenery ?
Nope , I would never move from the USA .
I love my country .
no , i think more like st. angelo island .
you 'd be crazy not to .
i 'd love to get out of this country with the idiot that runs it .
Would you move from your hometown just to move to Trent , Italy to enjoy the Native Cuisine ?
I would definitely move from my hometown , but I do n't think I would ever leave my country .
yes italy is awesome !
hell yes when do we leave any company that you can send magazine for prisoners ?
any type of drawing for prisones that you can send from a company to a prisoner Sure , prisoners have rights too .
As long as it 's not porno ( too bad for them ) , although you might be able to slip that through .
I guess it depends on who 's going through their mail ... hmm .
Anyway , http://www.acclaimsubscriptions.com / can help you .
Although I imagine any magazine will deliver where ever you tell them to .
Look at this link for specifics : http://www.acclaimsubscriptions.com/usa/info/faqPage#q6 No Gerry Mc Grub - How long do you think before british reporters start asking where 's the body ? ?
Probaby never .
The media , it seems , can not comprehend that maybe , just maybe , these educated , middle - class Doctors may not be telling the truth ... .
I still think if Maddie had come from a single - parent or minority family , they would have asked that question about 15 minutes after the news first broke .
6 months there will not ask that as he did not do it where is the movies at ? ?
LIKE WHERES IN THE CITY IS THE MOVIE THEATER OF CANCUN ? ? ? ? ?
Here is a webpage that has the phone number , address , name , and number of cinemas per theatre in Cancun .
http://www.visitcancun.com/cinemas/cinemapage.htm
Hope you find the one you are looking for !
Why would you to Cancun and watch a movie .
Save that for when you get home What do you eat in Pinamar . . ? ?
generaly chicken Where is Cordoba ?
Top contributor is there for the taking .
its in spain hehehe In Spain .
The only place called Cordoba that I know is in Veracruz , Mxico .
What 's a nice place to eat out in Pinamar ?
stay away from the help !
Any place that has topless dancers .
I think theres an Olive Garden there , or somekind of Garden , how much are hookers in Carillo ?
oh no , will i get pregnant now that i have read this question ?
8 pesos .
Remeber to leave a tip. All I gave up was my pulled pork sandwich .
Do they make Brillo in Carillo ?
They have to be famous for something .
no , they get the Brazilian bikini wax .
Smooth as a babys bottom .
no fro there they make brillo and fake plastic ducks .
They make that , a special type of beer ( forgot what it 's called ) , and the plastic rubber chickens .
If I drink on Mendoza - , will there be any side effects ?
your azz will be sore .
Just make sure you bring a clean cloth for the body shots off of her .
how do you feel about leprosy ?
When your woman keeps nagging on and on , do you Mendoza off and not listen ?
Have you hit the Menoza line in baseball ?
Dam I wish I had questions this is where I draw the line .
did you say something ?
Pinamar or Miramar ?
Who 's got the loosest women ?
Binamar .
A bunch of lesbians over there .
well pinamar was more lose women but miramer will do this thing called Miramar surprise that will leave you speechless I dozed off at the bus station in Medoza . . ?
where are my pants ?
I thought you were doing that in memory of Buk ...
They were nice , so I took them You left them at my house .
Remember ?
Where is everyone ?
i dunno ...
Was I seriously the first person to ask a question in Medan ? ? ?
i guess ... .
is this relevant to medan though ?
You are in Medan but it 's not about Medan .
I 've been to Denpasar and Ubud in Bali !
I 've never seen an empty category before .
How random !
.
Truth or Dare ?
I say no to -- -- -- -- -- !
No to -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- !
I say no to more taxes !
No to special interest !
No to ... .
Hiden Message ?
sloelveppgreneaxfifixyt lovegreenapples56 ?
First Question ?
the first of my rambling rampage of nothingness can i join ?
ok Good luck do n't worry about the answers this is all for fun
Why ?
because life is a circus A lot of Italians from Genova living in Montreal ?
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS ?
Yes , there is a big community I believe probably becuase they relate it to the city called monreale in italy - when i was there they all asked if i knew about montreal : ) what happened to the ... ... ... ... ?
what happened to the unicorns .
mine ran away and i cant find anymore .
This is funny question ... . .
its good enough for this ... http://malaysia.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ajmb4q3IOPYZ3x356RKJPAG4QAx.?qid=20070806084604AASjY2B
Anyways , Maybe it it when unicorn land or somthing ...
LOL Just kiddin ... .
Good luck on your question and have a great day sweetie !
It 's under the olive tree looking for virgin oil .
good Q. Same thing that happened to the dinosaurs .
Good question .
wonerings ... ?
Do purple people really live on planet mars ?
and what is the definition of if ?
ive always wondered that . .
ooh !
and where did cain 's wife come from ?
and how can we all be desendents of abraham ?
and why are firetrucks red ( haha iknow that one ) ... oh ok my last one is how old is Queen Elizabeth ?
no / there are none / adam and eve / over the hill where can i eat the best paella in palma ?
IN PALMA ?
there is Paella all over Palma ... its all good - the Spanish are great at cooking this dish !
Down by the marina they do a wonderful one and their fish cooked in rock salt in the oven is brill .
enjoy has anyone been to the Spanish garden restaurant in Belamadena if so what was the quality like . ?
NOT been myself but friends say it is quite pleasant A few years since been but we used to go every year when we still had our house there .
Service excellent , food excellent surroundings lovely .
Go and enjoy : 0 ) Where is the best place to eat seafood in Acayucan , Veracruz ?
I live in Veracruz and it 's a safe bet to eat where you see the most people eating .
I know that might sound silly , but the mexicans think that way .
Not all , but a large 0o .
Most restaurants that have been in business for a while works too .
I could give you a list longer than your arm about Veracruz , but you are on your own in Acayucan .
Good luck whats 2 times 2 ?
Excuse me , I get insulted by people like you who just ask question for points , shame on you , and your just wasting peoples time .
4 uhhhhhhhh 4 if my cousin and my sister strip when drunk ... that makes it a family thing ?
mm. . .
just remember . .
do n't do drugs ... eat fruit and vegetables Not necessarily .
Just because they do it together does n't make it a family thing .
At least not to me anyway ... ... ... . .
No , maybe jus having fun or like the attention theres no problem there ...
Its ok should i play EA skate or watch aqua teen instead ? ?
I hope this answers your question , `` Turn on the lights , I want you to see the look on my face !
Do you hear me ?
Or did they send a guy out to shut off your ears because I did n't pay the ear bill ? ''
( Master Shake ) .
Watch Aqua Teen .
Definetly ATHF ponchos mexican take away in moravit moraira , need their website to obtain menu ?
My search tells me their address www.ponchosmoraira@yahoo.com does n't exist but I 'm sure it 's correct .
Can anyone help here ?
THEY do not have a web page / site , at the moment .
I always use www.ponchosmoraira@yahoo.com but that does not seem to be working .
Maybe try an alternate e-mail sir ?
whats wrong with haveing a crackwhore chained up in the garage ?
see how long this question stays on That 's out of order mate ... . .
I keep mine under the stairs I give it half an hour ...
It 's illegal and wrong .
What are good restaurants in Vitoria , Brazil ?
i 'm not sure if there are many , but
check out this site :
http://www.mytravelguide.com/global/touristinfo.jsp?objectid=75299905&referral_id=YAHOOPI&referral_click_id=CITYGUIDE_Vitoria where is a good place to eat in campobasso ?
what is a good place to eat in italy campabasso Ristorante Aciniello Di Di Cesare Ennio Ristorante San Pietro Srl Ristorante Pizzeria Il Buongustaio Di Rubino C. Bar San Pietro Srl Palazzo A.F .
Di Fornaro Cosmo E C. Sas Gilotti Ristorante Af Fornaro Pizzeria Nuovo Ristorante Gli Archetti Societa ' Cooperativa Ciccaglione Giovanni & Salvatore Bar San Pietro Srl Palazzo A.F .
Di Fornaro Cosmo E C. Sas Gilotti Ristorante Af Fornaro Pizzeria Nuovo Ristorante Gli Archetti Societa ' Cooperativa Ciccaglione Giovanni & Salvatore
hope this helped : ) sorry idk but avevadechy ( bye , in italian ! )
have a great day livewell and be strong your friend treta = ) ) ) ) ) lol Can anyone recommend a good `` locals '' restaurant in Bali ?
~ ~ ~ McDonald 's in Bali Indonesia - Jakarta - Lombok - Semarang - Yogyakarta - Bali Tourists to Bali will find their visit incomplete without exploring the gastronomical tours of Balinese food and fruits .
The various sensational titillation of your taste buds and olfactory senses on smelling the wafting of unique Balinese food makes you visit Bali once more .
The cuisines of Bali are well known for its spicy ingredients .
Bali also has cuisines from around the world , which cost fraction of what you pay for the same quality of food in other world cities .
The Contemporary Restaurants in Bali include among others the popular American Restaurants in Bali giving variety to the local cuisines .
McDonald 's in Bali is one of the popular Bali Restaurants ; due to extensive range of cuisines it has on offer .
All the old favorites and some few special items found in Indonesia are among the menu in McDonald 's in Bali .
Visitors to the restaurant can try the popular McRice which is a hamburger served between two rice cakes or the McSatay , a spicy satay burger to get the taste of what is popularly called McBali .
The menu also has something for those tired of burgers and fries .
The fried chicken and rice is a tasty variation for the jaded palate .
Mcdonald 's in Bali has timers .
When you order food and if they are not served before the timer is done , you are given free small drink and fries .
This you can expect as many times as they miss the timer .
The Mcdonald 's is also noted for its cleanliness and the right kind of taste of the dishes .
The Macdonald 's in Bali in Indonesia runs a chain of four locations in Kuta , Legion , one in Sanur and the other in Denapasar .
So visitors looking for their favorite Mcdonald 's dish have one of these outlets round the corner in Bali .
Hmmm ... .
if I ever went to Bali I 'd stop here for sure .
I enjoy Happy Meals .
☺ ~ ~ ~ Made 's Warung :
Mixed menu , Indonesian & Western $ $ $ Comments :
There 's a reason the place is a legend .
Good food , great atmosphere .
Location :
Jalan Pantai Kuta / Just west of Bemo Corner .
Telp .
751 923
for more rest .
go to balihotels.com dont eat raw anything is all i can say & theres a Government site that tells you about whats good to eat & not to eat while away in some countries but i cant help you as to what the link is sorry : ) Is the water in Bali safe for drinking ?
Or is it best to buy bottled water ?
When the locals only drink the bottled water produced and bottled by their government you KNOW that you 'll be drinking the stuff too !
In Bali even the ice is made from good water !
Fer sure !
.
its always better to drink a bottled water It 's a popular tourist resort so you 'd think that they would want to keep it as clean and modern as possible .
Does Saraminda have any fast food restaurants ?
~ ~ ~ No !
~ ~ ~ Do you need to tip staff in restaurants in Samarinda ?
The people in Indonesia are so nice and so deserving of a little extra I feel it 's a privilege to tip them .
Food is so reasonable in many restaurants anyway !
Why be cheap when you can be a big shot for a few bucks !
.
i would I think a tip is always appriciated regardless where you go , it the food service is good then tip , any reccommendations for bars / restaurants in mallorca serving local food ?
i use 5 or 6 mainly in the SW but am keen to try more .
McDonalds . .
always the best option restruants in daya veija spain ?
eating out in daya veija THERE is probably a McDonald 's ?
Alla ragazza DI Nome Cristina capelli rossi Che frequenta IL corso all enaip di settimo ?
Ciao io voglio conoscerti per fuggire dalla banalit di questa vit per fare qualcosa di `` concreto '' se vuoi conoscermi frequento il prelavorativo all ' enaip di settimo se non mi hai presente sono quello che sta quasi insieme a fabio p Capisco . .
grazie molto ma. .
parli inglese ?
( I see ... Thank you very much but . . Do you speak english ? )
Are there Pizza Hut and Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurants in Bali ?
How can you POSSIBLY think about PH & KFC while in Bali ?
You have n't been there before .
Apparently !
I 've experienced some of THE best and interesting food in an unbelievably wonderful setting .
You might feel like dry ice / freezing some of the terriffic food in Bali and bringing it back with you ?
You might wish you had !
.
Go to their websites .
You can search for the nearest locations .
There sure is , but KFC sells weird hot stuff , instead of the average menu ...
What can a bachelor do with toadstools ?
Put himself out of his misery ?
Toadstools are poisonous .
Do n't do anything with them .
What a ridiculous question .
Throw them away and wash your hands after handling them .
They are poisonous .
im looking for a thai resteraunt in alicante to have lunch today . . ?
any suggestions or recommendations ?
sorry , i meant in Alicante City Centre ...
From what I can see on the internet , there arent any ! !
but I cant really beleive that ...
You might try :
Monsoon Cafe , Thai Avenida Ultramar 2 Playa Arenal 03730 Javea Alicante Spain Tel + 34 966 472 862 You must be mad with those great Spanish resturants around why go oriental WHEN in Rome ?
so why a Thai ?
dining out in Genoa what is the favorite dish ?
Pasta al pesto ( trenette o trofie ) .
Farinata di ceci .
Focaccia ligure .
Pandolce genovese .
i like the antipasti ☻ Pasta ☻ Pizza ☻ Tiramisu Is it possible to hire a genuine Bali dancer for a dinner party in Canada ?
Does that pay well ?
I can dance on a lap , but I 'm not to good with bellies ... does anyone know the mileage between fresno and manzanillo colima please ?
i would like to drive from fresno to manzanillo colima but i can t find a map online to tell me the mileage and the directions .
here is your answer :
you need to travel along the pacific coast and please use toll roads they faster and you avoid confusion ; you need to know the main cities that you will be passing by :
distance from Fresno t0 Nogales Arizona = 767Mi .
( google ) cross the border and you want to take toll roads ( carretera de Cuota ) to the following cities :
-- - Sonora State -- --
Nogales Son .
Mex Santa ana Hermosillo Guaymas CD .
Obregon
--
Sinaloa state -- los mochis culiacan mazatlan
--
Nayarit state -- tepic
--
Jalisco state -- guadalajara
-- colima state -- colima tecoman manzanillo
distance from nogales to manzanillo = 1921Km ( kilometers not miles , to convert to miles divide roughly by 1.6 ) source http://mexicochannel.net/cgi-bin/distance.pl
total distance = 767Mi + 1921Km/1.6 about 1900 Mi i'have traveled that in about 36hrs
Hope this helps NOTES : dont go by yourself speak as little as possible while in the road dont show off your gadgets ( taking pics all the time ) treat people with respect .
enjoy your stay .
google map.com Try MapQuest How do you like your Oviedo 's ?
Do you like them double stuffed , Mint , deep fried , chocolate covered or plain ?
i like them dipped in creamy milk Double stuffed .
mmm mmm good !
who will be Bilbao ... ?
baggins in the Hobbit ?
Get it
Get it okay I understand Okay I know I am a dork I would n't mind baggin Bilbao !
i hear hes well hung HELP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I 'm dyin here ! ?
I just bought an unlisted phone number off of the site : http://publicreccordsnow.com I put in my own info and they gave me the right number , so does this mean that this is an accurate site and the numbers ate correct ?
Please answer ASAP !
Thanks Jennifer yes hmmmmm ... . .
i would n't trust it 100 % , the link was n't working anyway , but i would n't rely on it .
why does life ?
why ?
i dont know what your saying why what ?
suck ?
what is 1 and 1 ?
i cant remember .
2 or window or 11 or basketball does this help ?
11 11 Home sick ?
Durango is where i 'm from and i have n't been there in 9 years and i am missing it is any body else from Durango ?
IM FROM DURANGO AND I HAVENT BEEN THERE FOR 4 YEARS I MISS IT A LOT BUT WILL BE GOING BACK NEXT SUMMER IF YOU WANT TO COME CALL ME AT 818 - 456 - 6632 IM NOT KIDDING NO JOKE FOR REAL ME AND 17 OTHERS WILL BE GOING FOR A MONTH IT WILL BE FUN Sorry not from Durango , but alot of the maintence people here at work are from Durango .
They are very nice people .
I hope you find friends soon .
Go to Pennsylvania , seems that alot of people from Durango live in the farm areas of PA. Also try meeting new people , from diffrent backgrounds , you may learn something new and make friends for life .
Do n't just stick to the same race .
no whats agood pizza shop in darwin ?
woodies best best restaurant in Darwin ?
- Sunset Cafe Sky City Mcdonalds .
( might be wrong ) best place to dine in Darwin ?
its depends what you feel like ?
Thai - Asian Gateway Italian - Super Pizza Chinese - Happy Garden in Parap Steak / Aussie Foods - Hogs Breath Country meals - Schooners open air atmosphere - Sailing club or Darwin Boat club - Membership required Greek - Yots Smoggiest board - Sunset Cafe Sky City
Yes i like in Darwin food and i live here too Sunset Cafe Sky City is toulouse the niciet place to live with the best company called airbus it is really great with the best man ?
SORRY , but what has this to do with `` dining out '' ?
PS watch out for the beluga when it lands ?
ryan is the best bf in the entire world ! ?
If he takes you to nice restaurants in Rio Branco , then yes , he is !
... . .
ey ... ... .
he tries ... .
Who is ryan ? ?
what is your question ? ?
Plz explain more .
who is the bust * * * st woman in the world ?
whom do u think is the bust * * * st woman in the world .
pamela anderson or dolly parton madona what ?
and Why ?
What kind of kosher foods do they have in Spain ?
There are many Kosher Restaurants in Spain ...
There are Bagel shops where you can buy Bagels ...
Most of the Sephardic Foods originated in Spain ...
There are different kinds of kosher foods in Spain .
Usually the Sephardic kind .
Wherever there are kosher places they have kosher foods .
where can i find good food in la plata ?
anywhere Go to the galleria , they good food there ! ! !
go to South America 's most European city , Buenos Aires it has a never - ending offering of great food and drink.it is also the most popular destination cities in the world .
How popular are mangos in Spain ?
Do they serve them in restaurants ?
Mangos are popular in Spain especially in the Canary Islands .
I like eating them , they are good tropical fruit .
Mangos or Mangoes ?
I think it 's mangoes .
Of course , Mangoes are popular in Spain for the reason that Spanish people love to eat sweets .
Happy Eating !
Regards ,
Rico www.cebuhomes.tk Mangoes are popular all over the world .
They are so delicious .
Does anyone know of a good yum cha restaurant in Pattaya ?
Upstairs in the Lotus Shopping Centre is a good Dim Sum ( Yum Cha ) restaurant .
what is your favourite dessert ?
1 .
Devil 's Food Cake with Vanilla buttercream icing .
2 .
Boston Cream Pie Cheesecake
or
Lemon Meringue Pie .
Chocolate mud cake is pretty yummy too .
OH !
I CA N'T CHOOSE ! ! !
lol Key lime cheesecake , pound cake and brownies what is the main dish from morelia , michoacan ?
what is the main dish that people eat from morelia michoacan ?
and is there a different language that is not spanish around that area ?
THERE ARE LOTS OF FOOD IN MICHOACAN LIKE CARNITAS , MORISQUETA WHICH IS RICE WITH BEANS , CORUNDAS WEIRD SHAPE TAMALES , CHURIPO , AND DESSERTS LIKE GASPACHOS .
MICHOACAN IS A PRETTY BEUTIFUL PLACE AND NO WE DONT FUCKING EAT POPUSAS THATS FROM EL SALVADOR .
PEOPLE OVER THERE MIGHT SPEAK DIALECTS LIKE TARASCO OR PUREPECHA I KNOW CUS IM FROM MICHOACAN Well im from there when I go I eat Popusas Enchiladas Tacos Tortas Pretty much anything mexican is called corundas Good restaurant for wedding reception in Turin area ( Italy ) ?
I 'm getting married there next year , looking for suggestions for a nice restaurant with good food , creative cuisine ... and able to fit up to 90 people in a room .
Thanks !
try the Principi di Piemonte Turin Hotel , it has banquet rooms to host your wedding , the hotel is a 5 star hotel and it overlooks the whole city and everything on the menu is delicious .
Hope i 've helped .
Congratulations on your engagement and good luck ! !
Mc Donalds whats your favorite type of mexican food ?
mine of course is tacos and just to let you know i now other mexican foods nobody found this question intresting ?
: ( i love tacos tacos are a mexican invention The best Mexican food is Mexican Kraft dinner . TRY IT OUT ! ! !
Mexican Kraft Dinner ♥
1/2 can of A large can crushed tomato 1 cup water 1/5 of a pack of hamburger meat 1 - 2 Tbsp .
cayenne pepper .
( depending how spicy you like it 1/2 teaspoon Chili Powder Kraft Dinner pack . 3/4 c . grated cheese .
1 .
Brown meat in pot .
add water and crushed tomato .
Boil .
2 .
Add Spices .
Stir 3 .
Add Kraft dinner noodles and cheese , keep stiring because the noodles will stick if you dont .
Cover and simmer for 2 minutes 4 .
Flatten the meal with a spoon , and spread shredded cheese over top .
let cheese melt and serve !
Enjoy ! !
Serves 5 - 6 tacos and burritos ; ) tacos , yum !
Does anyone know about Crotone , Italy ?
SWEETPEA I would not say it 's one of the highlights of a visit to Italy unless you happen to love that area or have ancestry from there .
They do have an airport , several museums and art galleries , and several tourist interests such as ancient ruins and castles .
If you fly in to another city , they also have a train depot .
Lots of nice restaurants and friendly people .
It is Beatiful and it is about 78 degrees right now http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crotone Bonn Germany ? ?
Do they really serve meat on a stick there ? ?
Yes they do .
They pretty much serve meat on a stick everywhere in Germany .
i dont know about bonn germany but if they want to serve meat on a stick they can many saucages are served that way here if at a fair or something but in a restraunt it comes on a plate unless it is a type of kabob of the sort and weiner stnizel is fried pork chop its on a plate lived in germany for 4 years probably .
i imagine you can get anything you want there as you can in the u.s , england , spain , france , italy etc. you should try Brazilian food where they serve there meat on swords .
How do you make a good Pad Thai ?
How do you make a good Pad Thai ?
My friend made the best pad thai and I want to make it for my parent and in laws ... suggest ?
Plus if you can leave out the nuts if you stop by my house i can give you the recipe and you can use my wok .
plus i have some of the fish sauce , palm sugar and i have massive amounts of noodles left !
Ooh I hae a great one in this cookbook at home , I 'll get it and post an answer here after school .
is there any nutless thai food ?
I like thai foods but the majority of food I have tried has nuts in it and the majority of my family cant eat nuts .
i was wondering is there any thai recipe without nuts .
i believe you meant to ask ARE there any nutless thai foods ...
LOL and there are alot !
go to that thai place we stopped at and they can give you a whole list AND they can make them for you !
There are lots of Thai dishes without nuts .
Try red or green curry ( geang ) .
Most stir fried dishes , e.g. gra pow ( stir fried meat with an herb similar to basil ) , or pad phet .
How about some soups , tom yam or tom kha .
How much flight from Bangkok to Udonthani ?
i took the night train with a sleeping berth for like 700 baht I think it would be , 100 baht I do n't really know for sure .
What is the brand name in Zamora 's ... ?
Cheese that is more popular ?
There is also Manchego Cheeses in Spain The brand that I can think of is `` Queso Zamorano '' from Zamora , Spain Zamorano cheese How do I crack a coconut shell off the coconut ?
Place the coconut on it 's side on a hard , strong surface and with a hammer tap , do n't bang , it all the way around the circumference .
It will neatly split .
Before you do this , puncher the three eyes with a awl or an ice pick and drain the liquid from the inside .
Otherwise it will make a mess when you crack it open .
It is very simple to open , but follow these instructions .
a knife , hit it in the middle top or the top , watch your fingers !
use the blunt end of a large french chef 's knife .
Which foods in Spain have some origins ... ?
from Jewish culture ?
`` fritata de espinaca '' spinach casserole `` taramasalata '' ( fish roe ) , `` Iman bayeldi '' , `` kibbeh '' , and `` bimuelos de chanukkah '' I went to spain and hated the food there .
Did n't even have a Taco Bell main .
the jewish ones What foods will be served during the easter in Spain ?
Name 2 foods that you know of .
They will eat
1 .
Lamb chops 2 .
Salads Hi i live in Spain and Easter is known as semana santa , normally families all get together and eat and drink all day a typical family dinner would be alioli and bread on the table goats cheese , Serrano ham olives mojo sauce , salad then they tend to BBQ lots of meat steaks pork roast rabbit they also boil potatoes in their skins , I 'm in the canary islands and this is typical ere but I 'm sure it would all depend on the part of Spain they are in as to what the family tradition would be for dinner , its just a big family feast , and I 'm looking forward to it and I 'm English lol .
We do n't celebrate easter , cuz we are Jewish but we eat Matzah and anything that do n't have leaven .
for passover .
What are kind of foods will be serve for Passover in Spain ?
What kind of foods do they make for the Passover celebration in Spain ?
Matzah Fried Chicken Rice Vegetables Charoset Boiled eggs Unleaven foods for passover .
Jews in Spain wo n't eat foods with leaven on Passover .
What kind of clothes should I dress for dinner ?
I would advice you Bubble Gum 's answer is good with that hot picture on her avatar .
Depends on who you are going with and where you are going ...
We need more info .
The more formal the place , the more formal the outfit .
!
Remember not to overdress for the occasion rather go for simple and sexy look carefully done hair - too .
How much does it cost to print black and white at your local brothel ?
Depends , they go from 25.00 to 75.00 depending on the establishment .
Big papa say W - H - A - T ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
Well where i live its 2.50 can anyone suggest good and economical indian eating joints in toulouse ?
no but there is a good lebanese restaurant called `` Colours '' Le Monica is pretty good !
Its not the cheapest , but its not outrageous .
rue Cujas .
Bon appetite !
What is a good place to eat while in Spain ?
Bogart 's in the Barri Gothic section of Barcelona is good .
But pick any restaurant .
It 's hard to go wrong there .
En el resturante Go to restaurante Cafe de la Opera in Madrid .
Could i be the Mayor of Lampang ?
Do I have all of your approval to start a city there ?
All go there Yes .
I have just invaded Ubon Ratchathani , and I elect myself as president of it .
Never mind , I nominate myself as DICTATOR !
Yes
I am mayor of Pattaya Yes But like I said , after we conquer all of the Thailand section on Y !
A. Does the IHOP in Surat Thani serve egg whites ?
I have to know .
Sure ... .
It just depends what type of eggs you want .
I think they only serve ostrich .
Anywhere does .
Tell them not to include the yolk !
yes Should n't we come up with a way to defend Chiang Mai from attackers ?
We 're completely vulnerable here .
Are there any suggestions ?
I say we should build a wall with cannons attached to it that shoot man eating sharks .
What do you think ?
TJ :
Nope , I 've got plenty of laser beams in storage .
As Secretary of Agriculture , i propose we grow enough bamboo to build fortified walls .
Yes we really should .
We have got to get those plastic swords Are there any Golden Arches in Pak Kret ?
i 'm not sure i can spend an entire month w / out a Hamburger Royal .
Yes .
No one can live without a Hamburger Royal for that long .
I 'll map quest one !
there is one 3 blocks left of the town hall ... .
Jammed Up is wrong ... it across the street from the American Embassy ... u cant miss it What sounds like a good dinner during the hot weather ?
Hamburgers and corn on the cob , veggies and dip , beer , and watermelon .
hv a barbeque Kabobs work really well during hot weather .
Get some steak , porkloin , shrimp , chicken , green and red peppers , onions , thin sliced potatoes and get creative .
Serve with a nice red wine or your favorite ice cold brew and you 're set !
Are there any food chains in Chiang Mai ?
Like Mcdonalds , Burger King , IHOP , etc Yes , I do n't look right without my badge
I 'll get it back sometime No , we are not doing that again
I 'll get suspended if I did There is actually a Panda Express on every corner .
Its like Starbucks here .
Also if you look to your left you can see an all you can eat Taco Bell .
Weird ... they have no customers .
Good luck ! !
Edit :
You look naked without your badge .
I heard there 's an abundance of Cheba Hut sub shops if I 'm not mistaken .
;-)
Are we doing this again ?
lol
I think there is an IHOP to the east .
Careful though , the eggs arent from chickens .
what is the best resturant in san antonio michuacan that is by guadalajara ?
san antonio michuacan is near guadadlajara san antonio michuacan is near guadalajara If you mean where is the best place to eat in San Antonio Michoacan I would say any place .
I have been in Michoacan and every restaurant I visited was incredible !
Why is it when it says `` :
Be the first to answer '' I never am ?
I hate it when that happens .
It makes me so mad I could , could , crush a grape ! !
It happens to me all the time ! !
If you get a clue on how to make it happen , let me know .
First ! !
Because somebody puts in a random thing quickly to get the first position , then edits their answer so that they actually have a decent answer .
It makes me mad too .
Take the guy above me , for example .
All he put was `` First ! ! ! ''
Pretty girls with bows in their hair ?
Does anybody else think that this site is monitored by MI5 / CGHQ ?
If this question piques your interest go to ' my ' profile and answer my question regarding Rodger Scruton .
I had one answer from somebody calling himself cybercommie ( cyberMI5watcher more like ) and my question seemed then to dissapear like magic from the list .
Ask anything vaguly political on this site and you end up being mobbed strangeohhs / neo nazis .
18.11pm .
Iwonder how long this question will last ?
Bai Khap Phaw Khai or Kow Baht Khai ( spicy rice with chicken ) helllooooo .
i am asking a question here because no one ever does . ?
ok so where in the world is this place ?
ive never heard of it . .
ok you can be best answer and you would be top contributer !
lol .
ok peace !
Badajoz is in Spain .
It is close to the border of Portugal .
haha ... what ? ?
Wow you 're right !
This is like , the only question here .
Haha !
I dont know where it is either ...
Question about toddler car seats ! ?
all the websites say 40 pounds or 4 year olds .
my sister is 4 but she is n't 40 pounds .
What do i listen to ?
Are you sure you are reading it correctly ?
Could it say 40 pounds AND 4 years old ?
You should then listen to the weight , which in this case happens to be 40 lbs.
Have fun The law is that babies have to be in car seats until they are 35 pounds .
When they are toddlers a booster seat is best , and you can pick those up for a lot cheaper than car seats .
My little one has a Britax Marathon , and although pricey , it lasts until shes 60 pounds ( if I want ) .
I want to find my old friend Jon Ruiz Zabaletta ?
Met him in Edgware , London approx 10 years ago .
I visited him in Bilbao and he lived in suburb of Bilbao named Gecho i think .
Got a brother , Please find him for me ?
He 'd be aroung 34 now .
No silly comments please .
This is important to find him You can always put an ad in the newspaper for people search .
Sorry he just left He now lives in Pamplona !
Do you dare to eat Pla ra , a food from Norteast Thailand ?
I know even some Thais do n't dare to eat it I never touch the stuff - way to stinky and fishy for my tastes -
* * * but * * *
I hear that one can not make a decent Som Tam without adding just a tiny bit to it .
btw - have you ever tried the old - style som tam ?
They serve it with a bit of deep fried pork jerky and coconut - infused sticky rice .
Really good stuff !
Is there a kfc in Bhopal ?
where ?
no. ... but you get good stuff in Amer Bakery no whats a great restaurant in geneva , switzerland ?
Search on google travel , it will give you results .
Steak or Ribs for mother 's day barbaque ?
steak , most moms would like to eat a a steakhouse and order something not so messy .
hope this helps , try outback steakhouse YUM !
if it 's like 5 people or less steak more than 5 ribs i dunno why it just sound right that way steak and ribs yum : ) Spain poll :
Which salad is better ?
Tuna Salad or Fruit Salad ?
Tuna and fruit salads are good .
Tuna salad Another poll :
Which is better in Spain ?
Jello or Pudding ?
Eventhough many say pudding .
I like Jello in hot weather it is such a good dessert .
And pudding is a good dessert anytime .
pudding Pudding Can someone name 2 good restaurants from Spain ?
El Pescador restaurant Goizeko restaruant in Madrid Flamenco Rosas Restaurant in Avila Rancho Avila Restaurant Can someone name 2 good restaurants from Spain ?
El Bulli , Roses .
Casino de Madrid , Madrid El Pescador and Goizeko Wellington , Madrid
The article in the link has a couple more .
Flmenco rosas Restaurant in Avila Rancho Avila Restaurant austrian food .
austria food ?
do they have fries ?
yeah theyre really good .
you should try them .
: ) yes , theyre quite good .
austria food ?
whats their specialty ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuisine_of_Austria good food .
austrie special foods ?
whats the best choice for austrian food there ?
The Desserts ! ! ! ! !
Heres an info link :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuisine_of_Austria Being that my wife is from Zacatecas , she has expressed how ?
good their Chocomilk is ... .
its actually white and not brown like your typical american chocolate milk but claims it delicious .
Has anybody else heard of this or is she trippin .
yeah dang i miss them so much you can get them here in U.S. but its not the same , i go to Jalisco to see family and like every other morning i get them chocomil and they are so good also i like to get ones of guabaya ( guava ) .
You can buy this at some American markets in the ethnic isle .
Look for `` chocomil '' I was raised in Mexico City and I have never see or try a white chocomilk , the only one I know is the one with pancho pantera and is brown ... what do you think is better . .
Chinese restaurants or Japanese ?
Chinese Restaurants .
If it only has chinese people working there that also speak english .
and that their food would taste good .
it depends .
I think Japanese food is far healthier than Chinese - sushi is very light , high in protein , but far more expensive than Chinese .
After eating dinner at a Chinese place , I feel a little groggy from all the oil , grease , and MSG I just ate .
I seldom have that feeling after eating at a Japanese place .
Japanese .
I love eating sushi .
what do you like best on your drink . . ?
a cherry on your drink or a lemon ?
A lemon .
Cherries just seem juvenile .
Milk .
Well , it depends on the drink .
Some drinks go best with an olive or cocktail onion :-)
But I really do n't like maraschino cherries , so I 'll say lemon .
What 's the best remedy for player haters , should you step over or on them going to your next level ?
player hater 's = people who do not wish to see good happening to another , feel threathened perhaps for whatever reasons .
Just a hater of good . .
Ignore ...
That 's more revenge than one can handle ...
It leaves them wondering why they cant get under your skin ...
Just step OVER them because your already much higher than them ... that 's why they are Hatin ' There is unfortunately no cure for player haters .
All you can do is ignore them and keep on doing your thing .
Wave at em and tell em ' you love there ... ( shoes , dress , purse ) I LOVE doing that and the look on there face is priceless !
They 'll keep hatin ' but it goes to show that you love your life and that they only WISH they could have it !
lol I heard that in Cancun the food sucks ?
Is this true , I heard they cater to much to the Americans that they really do n't serve authentic Mexican food .
i know i heard that too ... .
it 's being taken over by american tourist .
white people think it 's authentic Mexican food , when really sometimes its not .
it upsets me to see white people think ... .
`` ohhh im eating mexican foood '' when its not authentic Mexican food .
im sure you can find some places that still serve authentic Mexican food .
basically everywhere out of the us dos n't have good food mostly .
The food there is Excellent ...
When was the last time you visted Chiang Mai ... ... . ?
And what restraunts did you go to ?
Sounds like an actual cool place to go .
Aside from being in Thailand I still have no clue where it is .
I have n't been since the great invasion of 08 .
Years ago ... it was a mountainous city ... cool temperature .
Lots of shops selling wooden handicrafts ... .
can not remember the restaurants though ... .
I went to the local Denny 's ... chona tactay cell # ?
chona tactay from oceanside cali nope do n't know it .
expenses for a week vacation in Bali ?
What 's the rough expenses in RM or Rupiah or USD excluding accomodation and air tickets for two people for about a week ?
Rough estimate so that i 'll know how much i 'll need to save and bring along .
Thanks in advance !
HI welcome to my country .
I 'm from Bali but know in France i think depend what you want to do there .
for the hotel this 3 * is 350.000 rupiah around $ 45 / night then for the food you cant eat around $ 10 you can eat also in poppies 1 or 2 this street lot of nice restaurant and lot of market to buy souvenir any way check this website ww.gokuta.com .
when i go back to Bali i always stay in this hotel is nice just 100 from kuta Beach www.kutaputri.com but Gilli trawangan is not in Bali they are in Lombok other island half day trip from Bali ; check also Warung 78 and fat yogi or made restaurant this nice one OK have good Trip ( if you want change money to rupiah do n't do - it in the airport or in the small shop just go in big company be safe ) this the money changer around kuta is below they have atm every where ok enjoys
PT. CENTRAL KUTA Kuta Square , Outside Matahari Dept.Store PT. CENTRAL KUTA Kuta Square , Inside Matahari Dept.Store
PT. CENTRAL KUTA Jl. Kartika Plaza ( besides Ramada Bintang Bali Htl ) PT. CENTRAL KUTA Jl. Kartika Plaza No.168 , Kuta ( besides Dynasti Ht ) PT. CRYSTAL DEWATA Jl. Legin Kelod No.468 , Ph.750943 allow 200 USD a day .
You can do it on less , but that will be very comfortable .
enjoy !
200 US $ or less ... .
u can try find my young brother is name Gede Artawan he Balinese .
his home phone +62 361 411495
have a nice vacation A romantic dinner in Spain to have with my date ?
What sounds romantic to cook at my apartment for my date ?
Orange Chipotle Scallops . .
1 lb fresh or thawed frozen scallops 2 cups orange juice 2 finely diced Chipotle peppers . .
Brown the scallops but do not scrape the pan .
Add orange juice and chipotles and reduce until thick .
Add scallops in and finish cooking , scraping the brown bits into the sauce .
Serve over wild rice
Women go crazy for this recipe . .
Arroz con pollo y papitas fritas A la pasta !
lol depends on what your date likes . .
Just do n't go with finger foods or anything messy or anything normal your date could make themselves .
Try a cook book or recipes online ?
What would be a good breakfast to eat on a date ?
Try pancakes and over easy eggs with orange juice .
I eat dates for my breakfast .
Pancakes with Strawberries and Whipped Creme .
This opens the possiblity of maybe using the items for something more tasty .
Where would it be good . ?
to take my date to a restaurant that has dancing or a quiet place ?
I would prefer a place with music and dancing ...
But that is just me .
I like music and dancing and I also find it very romantic .
You can always take your date to restaurant where they have Flamenco .
It depends so much upon you and your date .
Do you or your date enjoy dancing ?
Obviously you should n't take them to a place with dancing if you do n't .
Is this a first date ?
For a first date you may want to go somewhere a little quieter so you can get to know each other a little easier .
Good luck on your date !
Paella or Tapas ?
Which is better ?
Tapas is not a food , its a name for small portions of food served like appetizers sorta .
Paella is an actual dish .
Tapas : ) : ) Paella Which tastes better on a salad . ?
pumkin seeds or peanuts ?
I like Peanuts ...
I would say neither .
Pecans , walnuts , almonds or sunflower seeds are the best !
Dried cherries on salad is really good too !
good food What is a way to make a tasty hamburger at home ?
I am not convinced that barbecuing is best although I want to believe that .
Just frying seems to do a good job in a medium hot pan .
But when I do barbecue one of the things I have learned to do is NOT compress the home made ( there is no other kind ! )
patties .
A lot of people squeeze and shape and press down like they were Schwarzenegger - this closes up the spaces in the meat that would otherwise be permeated with heat and smoke .
In fact , I sometimes pinch and fork the uncooked burger until it has a loose texture ( or grind it myself and very gently form loose patties ) .
I add three ingredients ( never bread crumbs or egg unless I want miniature meatloaves ! )
: garlic salt ( or freshly squeezed garlic and some sea salt ) , a bit of cayenne and - here is the weird one - a bit of freshly grated nutmeg .
Not so much of the latter that anyone can really say `` ah , nutmeg '' .
- perhaps 1/4 teaspoon in total in a pound of beef .
Just two other tips
1 .
Do n't use meat that is really really lean .
You need some fat to give flavor .
One trick I tried once was grinding my own burgers using pretty lean chuck roast and adding some good quality , relatively lean smoked bacon to the grinder so that you could see the `` marbling '' .
2 .
Have the barbecue night and hot for searing when you put the patties on .
Bon appetit !
Must be grilled first , add spices and mustard mixture on both sides while cooking .
George For man grill 1lb Angus burger 1 lb. smoked mozzarella cheese 2 tablespoons chipotle sauce 3 pieces crumbled bacon .5 cup small chop onion 1 egg 1 avocado 2 tomatoes lettuce leaves sour dough bread salt and pepper to taste mix the burger , bacon , onion , chipotle , egg , salt and pepper together grill place your smoked mozzarella on bread with your avocado , tomato and lettuce and there you go yummy .
Places in Le Havre ?
What is the best place to eat or / and meet people in Le Havre ?
Are people friendly there ?
I am a bit shy .
There are two best places .
1 ) the centre of Le Havre , a UNESCO World Heritage site , or 2 ) Honfleur which is close to Le Havre
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honfleur
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - The French people are friendly but mislike to speak English .
Lern some French phrases to make it easier like good morning , good evening , thank you and so on .
it has been a while since I was in Le Harve , France ... but closed to the port there is a series of bar , pubs and clubs. , , , , plus you can take the ferry to Portsmouth , England from there Wee Nicky 's place .
liverpool fc = best.mancs = gay ronaldo 's types ;
O ) ... ... ... ... ... ... ?
are you glad he is getting sold ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
i am ! ! ! ! ! ! !
long live lfc lol ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
whats ur opinions ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
/ NO fat gay types reply ty ; o ( He wo n't get sold . They have said they 'll put him in reserves to rot . Leave us Mancs alone = ) What songs do you like to relax with while eating dinner ?
My favorite song is Quiereme by los Bukis and I like listening to it at restaurants .
I listen to Christian music .
Judeo - Spanish ( Ladino ) music Which tastes better with Carne Asada ?
Guacamole or chili salsa ?
Soak Carne Asada in beer and use guacamole .
Guac !
Carne asada , guacamole , and chili salsa , all things you would find in MEXICO , not SPAIN .
What drink would you choose at a picnic ?
Orchata or Lemonade ?
horchata with coconut rum lemonade spiked with tequila .
kool - aid spiked with vodka beer spiked with ice cubes .
Does the lemonade have booze in it ?
Lemonade because it 's refreshing and because I do n't know what the hell Orchata is .
What else is good with clam chowder ?
an ice cold beer and some oyster crackers .
yum !
cheese garlic bread .
The texas toast brand .
And townhouse crackers , or the club crackers !
Yummy ! ! ! ! !
Who can give me a good recipe for fish soup ?
You can make it by boiling the fish and adding tomatoes sliced up tomatoes and cylantro , some garlic and salt .
Then add some limon .
heres a list of em : )
http://fp.enter.net/~rburk/soups/fishsoups/fishsoups.htm What are 2 spanish names of pastries ?
Two of the best Spanish pastries are ensaimadas ( a flaky coiled pastry , plain or filled ) and almendrades ( meringue - almond cookies ) .
Pan dulce y Pasteles What this mean please ... .
Voce e um sonho pra mim ?
Voce e um sonho pra mim ?
`` Do you want fries with that ? ''
`` You are a dream to me '' Fast food restaurants in Guadalajara , Mx ?
I live in California and I will be visiting mx soon .
What are some popular fast food chains out there ?
mcdonald 's , burger king ? ?
mcdonalds , b king , dominos , pizza hut .
What are some good ideas of how to cook chicken for dinner ?
Slow cooker with potatoes & veggies .
From Kraft Foods ...
1 broiler - fryer chicken cut up ( about 3 1/4 lb ) 1/2 cup Kraft Done Right Ranch Reduced fat dressing 1 pkt Shake ' N Bake extra crispy coating mix
Place the chicken in a resealable bag and pour the dressing over the chicken .
Seal bag and turn to coat all of the pieces .
Refrigerate at least 30 mins .
to marinate .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place contents of seasoning pouch on a plate , remove chix from the bag 1 piece at a time .
Discard the bag .
Dip chix in coating , turning to coat lightly .
Arrange on baking sheet .
Sprinkle any remaining coating from plate over chix .
Bake 40 - 45 mins .
or until tender and no longer pink in centers .
It 's very tasty !
Chop it into srtips and stir fry it with some veg like peppers and bean sprouts for a healthy option .
Chuck in some soy sauce for flavouring too .
What are some good ideas of how to cook chicken for dinner ?
I really enjoy making grilled ck breasts - since they 're healthy and easy .
I get ck breats - boneless and skinless and rinse and pat dry , then marinate them in whatever salad dressing I 'm feeling ( usually italian , balsamic vin , or asian ) , salt , pepper , and olive oil - toss in the fridge the night before .
Then after I get home from work I fire up the gas grill , heat the grill , toss on the breasts , close the lid let it grill for about 5 ~ 7 minutes on each side .
And then I toss the chicken over rice , pasta , salad and enjoy ! !
You can take chicken and some instant mashed potatoes and put the bag of instant mashed potatoes in a big ziploc and shake the chicken in it and bake 350 for about an hour .
It 's oven baked fried chicken , and you can also use the flavored mashed potatoes .
Or you can makie chicken and wine sauce it 's delicious !
In a pan mix a can of cream of chicken and a can of cream of mushroom with about 2 - 3 cups of white wine and mix it together and put some water chestnuts in the mix and put the chicken in the sauce and bake it at 350 for an hour .
Serve with white rice , because the liquid will taste like gravy !
It 's delicious .
Get boneless skinless chicken breasts and marinate them in teriyaki sauce for a night and grill them .
So good with BBQ sauce and easy too .
who stole the keeshka ?
i ate it ... whatever it is where can i buy a monkey ?
random Circus at a monkey store ... duh ebay !
Does any one try to eat at `` Bandar Semarang '' at Dr. Cipto no. 1 ?
People say food is good & affordable price .
Yeah , I would give it a try , why not .
it is very very good .
real cheap .
Tell me how it was .
Vegan food in Florence ?
I 'm traveling to Florence soon and I 'm wondering if there are any vegan - friendly restaurants or stores there .
Any health food stores you would recommend ?
( Vegan = no meat or animal products such as eggs or dairy . )
Thank you !
I found a couple of vegan restaurants and health food stores at HappyCow.net .
I 've never actually been to Florence , but I hope I 've helped :
Caffelatte , Il Vegetariano , La Fonte , La Raccolta and Vegetus are all 100 % vegan friendly restaraunts in Florence .
Some health food stores are De Herbore , Health Food Shop , Sugar Blues , NaturaSi and Un Punto Macrobioto .
what is life what is death what is pyar ?
Life is a condition that distinguishes organisms from non-living objects , such as non-life , and dead organisms , being manifested by growth through metabolism and reproduction .
Some living things can communicate and many can adapt to their environment through changes originating internally .
Death is the cessation of the biological functions that define living organisms .
It refers both to a specific event and , particularly in humans , to a condition the true nature of which it has for millennia been a central concern of the world 's religious traditions to penetrate .
Pyar or we say Love represents a range of human emotions and experiences related to the senses of affection and sexual attraction .
The word love can refer to a variety of different feelings , states , and attitudes , ranging from generic pleasure to intense interpersonal attraction .
This diversity of meanings , combined with the complexity of the feelings involved , makes love unusually difficult to consistently define , even compared to other emotional states .
life and death - reality and pyar is a fantacy life is living , death is dyeing , and pyar is loving My boyfriend just broke up with me what should i do ?
should i get revenge , move on , or beg him for another chance ?
move on Move on .
Do n't give him the satisfaction of begging or of making an effort to `` get even . ''
move on ... have fun . .
get a new bf I 'm trying to find answers on udon Thani.I know udonmap is A good place to start but some of the answers are more current , is there someone living there that woud n't mind answering my questions ?
if si i 'll leave my email address.or search udonmap user name thrilled.Thanks Udorn ( or Udornthani ) is in northeast Thailand .
I was stationed there with the Army a number of years ago .
It used to be the location of the American Udorn Air Force Base .
It 's not too far from the Cambodian border and is a pretty major Thai city .
You might try http://thailandforvisitors.com/thaitrans.html
Hiram gim me the link ?
to a girl named asians are hot . .
plz find her . .
it was my old yahoo i got logged out of . .
and this girl e-mailing me .
and it was relly important .
i do not know it what is a mole and what 's in it ?
brown mole and green mole .
Dont listen to him ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/diseases/facts/moles.htm its a little bugga that digs up my garden they are full of guts and blood and stuff Avocados .
any recipes on these 2 mexican dishes ! ?
ok i tryed these out and there delicious : 1 ) mantaraya al disco & 2 ) pescado sandeado they are plates originally from sinaloa , mex
can u help me find them thx You would have best luck searching in spanish websites .
Why is there a stupid gerbil in a karate outfit on this yahooanswers thingamajig ?
its just a way of saying dont do any thing wrong and follow the rules thats my idea It 's a hamster .
It 's there to be a cute `` follow - the - rules '' mascot .
I think it 's cute ... .
If i have thailand work permit ?
Is necessary to pay tax there ?
am looking job in thailand , so , is necessary to pay tax ?
Yes , it is .
if u earn in thailand , u pay the taxes there .
simple , isnt it ?
What is the basic rate of income tax in Thailand ?
I now declare this board open for business .
Here is their website ; http://www.rd.go.th/publish/index.html
Hope you can understand Thai ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
: o ) Look it up on google or Yahoo .
what do u like to do when u are alone ?
Personally , for me ...
I like to come home from work everyday and spend some `` me '' time , and do some web surfing ... or playing poker online ... .
for fake money of course ... things like that to really relax me . .
I own a high stress , busy business , and it 's nice to be able to get away from all that ... mentally escape ! !
Play on the computer , watch tv , read read the Bible What kind of Rice is better at dinner time in Spain ?
White Rice or Red Rice Both white rice and red rice taste good .
Where can u work at a very young age ?
PLEASE HELP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
10 POINTS ! ! ! ?
where can u work at the age of 12 or 13 .
i know this is a very young age and it is probably impossible but PLEASE HELP if u know of any places .
i live in florida .
10 POINTS You could be a baby sitter or maybe a life guard at a local pool , deliver papers , mow lawns , walk dogs .
I did all of these things to make money when I was in my teens .
Good luck !
Daycare centers are allowed to hire young aides .
Family ( as in yours ) businesses as well .
An independent restaurant may not have rules as strict as bigger chains .
I hate to say it , but I think working at your age is against child labor laws in some states .
Check Floridas labor laws online .
I made a lot of money in my teens as a mother 's helper .
Advertise on Craigslist if you are interested .
Have your parents check out the family before you start working for them .
Have you ever been to Thailand . ?
Yes , Phuket .
It 's a beautiful country .
The best beaches in the world .
No but my friend has and she said it was really hot , humid and stuffy .
Also that the markets are pretty good .
I also think it is a good idea to buy stuff from the village / market people because they are so nice and give lots of hospitality so they deserve something in return !
Corporate taxation policies - Japan , India , China , Brazil ?
I 'm trying to tabulate corporate tax rates for counties such as India and China .
If you have the numbers or have an idea where to obtain the numbers , that would be a tremendous help .
Brazilian taxation police is very complicated , unfortunatelly .
It s impossible to explain it on Y !
answers .
You can find the taxation charge at this site :
http://www.receita.fazenda.gov.br/Historico/Arrecadacao/Carga_Fiscal/default.htm but it s in portuguese .
You can use Babel fish to translate it to English .
I ll show you a resume :
em 1947 = 13,8 0o PIB ; em 1965 = 19 0o PIB ; em 1970 = 26 0o PIB ; em 1986 = 26,2 0o PIB ; em 1988 = 26,4 0o PIB ; em 1990 = 30,5 0o PIB ; em 1991 = 25,21 0o PIB ; em 1992 = 25,85 0o PIB ; em 1993 = 25,72 0o PIB ; em 1994 = 29,46 0o PIB ; em 1995 = 37,3 0o PIB ; em 1996 = 28,97 0o PIB ; em 1997 = 29,03 0o PIB ; em 1998 = 29,74 0o PIB ; em 1999 = 32,15 0o PIB ; em 2000 = 33,18 0o PIB ; em 2001 = 34,7 0o PIB ; em 2002 = 36,45 0o PIB ; em 2003 = 34,92 0o PIB ; em 2004 = 35,88 0o PIB ; em 2005 = 37,37 0o PIB .
PIB means GDP .
help me please : ( ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ? well i 'm having a birthday party and i want it to be awesome but theres this fat kid who will attack me if i dont invite her wut should i do i know what to do after the party say `` why did n't you come ? `` if she knows and she will say '' i did not get an invitation so arggghhhh here comes the attacking ! ! `` Then you say '' it must of gotten stuck in the mail ~ ~ ! Do n't invite her ... Duh dunt invite her say yuhh forgot : P What are a few good restaurants in Tijuana Mexico ? Where can I buy tamales in tijuana mexico ? yeah i agree . ask it in yahoo answers mexico = ) You can write this question on yahoo !
respuestas Mexico , and will get a lot of answers .
Check here : http://www.amazon.com/gp/redirect.html?ie=UTF8&location=http%3A0.0000000.000000www.amazon.com0.000000gp0.000000site-directory0.000000&tag=funjok-20&linkCode=ur2&camp=1789&creative=9325 You can find it .
Good luck !
How great are we INDIANS ?
please click on the ads on the right of this page .
http://makemywish.page.tl / Please ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It 'll help you save someone 's life !
Believe me !
The revenue generated by your click will be forwarded to the `` make my wish '' foundation that will help the poor starving around the world !
http://makemywish.page.tl / WE R NOT GREAT
WE R THE GREATEST , , , , , , , , , , , , ANY QUESTION ? ?
/ / / / ? ? ? ?
Yeah , as great as Apache , Kiowa , Comanche and Mohiccans : )
Just kidding off course .
You gice are tough enough .
Especially in the world of IT .
Congratss ! !
were so great i am native americans Chorkee tribe what are u Do you know how to CLICK , I bet you do n't ?
Do you know how to CLICK , I bet you do n't ?
If you 're able to click on the ads on the right of the homepage of this website → http://makemywish.page.tl / , then send as many abuses to me at → raja.kaibalya@gmail.com !
I 'll hang myself up , if you 're successful.I BET YOU CAN NEVER DO IT !
* * What on earth does this mean ? ? ? ? ?
how does a chicken become a egg ?
put it through a time machine
or get a chicken and name it ' egg ' wow , , what an amazing question !
?
du care to explain it dumbo ?
lolll ... it'c cant happen.First there is an egg then it hatches and voila a chicken ! !
help me ... could I be knocked upp ?
I need help . .
so here 's the deal .
I had unprotected sex ( for the first time in a long time ) on 8.5.08 ... and I stopped taking birthcontrol sometime early july ... and I had my period in the middle of july for like 5 days . .
and I have n't had me period since then ... andd I have been so tired . .
this last weekend .
I stayed home saturday , sunday , and monday . .
and slept a HUGE amount of that time . .
and I NEVER sleep in and I slept intill 10 or later .
and I have gained weight and have been eating a lot of food . .
and my boobs have been kinda sore . .
and I spotted one day .
other then that I feel just finee . .
Helppp .
I want advice before I go waste mooney on a test .
Why not just shell out the few bucks for a test ?
If you ca n't afford a test how are you expecting to afford a baby ?
( or an abortion ... whatever you choose ) .
Next time just spend the few bucks on a condom .
yup you sound knocked up ... go buy a test Trust me it will not at all be a waste of money to get a test , it seems to me that you need piece of mind that you are not pregnant go and get the test you can find one for $ 10 its best to be on the safe side , i wish you luck !
how can i put pics on my page ?
use photobucket .
But be careful the photos of you or friends are approiaite and do n't contain harmful images .
i figure u mean web page .
u need the pic on the pc .
upload to web page Where 's My Mom ?
I Last Saw Her In Wal - Mart .
I 'm Home Now .
WHERE IS SHE ?
Call her up on her cell and ask her .
If not , then wait for a while and see ... do n't worry bout it .
this happens to my mom ALL the time .
women just tend to get caught up in the clothing section and totally forget the time .
so do n't worry she 'll be home sooner than you know it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
she is with me , having a good time . .
How do I say I am hungry in Spain Spanish ?
I realize there a many different languages spoken there but I am thinking more of Castilian .
english : i 'm hungry .
french : j'ai faim .
italian : ho fame .
spanish : tengo hambre .
portuguese : eu tenho fame .
Tengo Hambre the yo in front is optionial !
okay , well in french , you can say j'ai faim .
in spanish , you can say tengo hambre .
and then if you want to say it in italian , its ho fame , which i find funny .
if you need any other languages , just go to
http://babelfish.yahoo.com/translate_txt it works for me !
Looking for good food , here ?
TRY :
Danga Bay Bayleaf Food Park well if you live in the chicago land areas portillos it is the best yummmmm ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what should i waer to my prom this friday should i wear a dress or sneark and my naruto cloths ?
your naruto cloth .
you 'll be fresher and cause more of a splash .
Are there any cultural routines undertaken during meal times for Thailand ?
um. ... ... .
i do n't really get ur questions .
but i 'm thail .
ususally for every meal we would have rice .
and we also have alot of vedgetables and fish , pork , and chicken is really common too .
hope this helps !
Marcoooooo ?
POLO ! ! !
POLO !
: ) Polo ! ?
= ) Help with this question please ? ?
Appreciate it .
?
?
where 's the question ?
What question your a dumb ass !
What is a volcanic eruption ?
I was just wundering A volcanic eruption is when pressure building underground forces its way out through a volcanic mountain resulting in the expelling of lava and gas .
Joe took the words right out of my mouth What should i eat while dining in Geneava , Switzerland ?
I 've never been before and want to know what to do .
u should really try this grand place called McDonalds !
have u heard of it ? ?
they deliver ur food at super fast speed and its great culture since everyone who works there is mexican u get a great feel for there culture and background ! !
Fondue How to reach RosMarino Italian Restaurant , in Johor Bahru ( Malaysia ) from City Square ?
What do I tell the taxi driver & where do I tell him to go , if I want to reach RosMarino Italian Restaurant , in Johor Bahru ( Malaysia ) ?
Thanks .
Take lexington and 4th .
Looking for a NICE restaurant in Cabo ?
I read Conde Nast and they suggested Edith 's .
I 've also booked reservations at Agua at the One and Only .
I 've heard Esperanza 's was nice , too .
Does anyone have other suggestions ?
las ventanas del paraiso chef juan pablo loza Who knows the difference between Mc Donalds in Spain and the one in Germany ?
I think they have sausages in Germany and in Spain they have a lot of avocatos .
Which is better to order pepsi or coke ?
In my opinion , Pepsi is better .
Everyone has a different opinion but I personally prefer coke .
I like both , but I would prefer coke .
when you eat out at a restaurant where do you put the fork ?
Is it on the right side of the table or the left . ?
the fork goes on the left and the knife and spoon on the right What kind of foods in Spain have too much salt ?
Spain has a lot of cured meats .
All these meats have been cured with lots of salt .
Also , chorizo is a processed meat product that has a lot of salt .
Same with olives that are used a lot in tapas .
I think bacalao can be very salty , but I still love it .
Can you describe paella and tapas ?
Paella : spanish rice dish , cooked in a big pot , uses saffron and all types of seafood ( mussels , shrimp , lobster , etc. ) Paella - Saffron Rice based dish cooked in a big pan usually with shellfish , chicken , chorizo .
Several different kinds .
Tapas -- small dishes ( originally small plates put on top of drinks to keep the flies out ) can be almost anything from olives , ham , cheese , ham and cheese , anchovies , octopus , squid , cheese puffs , etc. Can someone translate this spanish ?
This is a spanish address .
Can someone please translate it into English ?
Thanks !
Av. Coba No. 81 SM 26 Esp. Tankah , Cancun It looks like you might be going to 81 Coba Avenue ( Avenida ) at Esq ( Esquina ) ( corner ) at 26 Tankah Street in Cancun I do n't know what the SM is for , it could be the initials of the neighborhood Avenue Apartment no. 81 Room 26 , Spain Tankah , Cancun Freetranslation.com is a free site if you ever need another translation ... . .
A&W restaurants in Johor Bahru ! ! ?
I have checked and found out that there are 2 A&W restaurants in Johor Bahru .
I live in Singapore and I 'm thinking of travelling there just for the A&W .
I do not drive and thus I am thinking of taking a bus in there .
I know that there are buses that goes to Kota Raya from Singapore .
But i do not know how to continue from there .
Please help !
I WANT A&W badly !
none maybe ... i 'm not sure ... .
Where can I find tap dance lessons NYC ?
When I first moved to NYC , I had a hard time finding great tap dance lessons in NYC .
But then I found out about the American Tap Dance Foundation .
They have amazing teachers and you can find a lesson most days of the week .
They teach tap dance lessons for everyone from toddlers to seniors .
I would definitely recommend the ATDF .
Broadway Dance @ 57th & Broadway .
at any of the thousands of dance studios in the city .
try the yellow pages .
Help With Childcare Assignement ?
could anyone help with this question :
Collate evidence which describes the role of the practitioner in meeting Gather and present information about the role of the practitioner when children 's learning needs meeting learning needs .
This could include : meeting needs and supporting rights of children , working with their families , the setting , teamwork / other professionals , compliance with legal requirements , care of themselves ( the practitioner ) , training and development , attitudes / values , positive environment , inclusive practice .
I 'm trying to understand the question which is hard , but I believe they want you to collect evidence and present information on the role of the practitioner .
I think maybe the role of the practitioner for children 's learning needs .
The question is very difficult to understand really .
I wish I could help you more , but I really do n't know more than what I said .
Sorry .
i ca n't understand the question .
how you first time find yahoo answer ?
I find Yahoo! Answer on the Yahoo! homepage one day .
I was a little curious of what it was .
On the Yahoo homepage .
through google Does it get any cuter than this ?
http://i260.photobucket.com/albums/ii25/melissajane1979/HPIM0828.jpg
My babbies , as they are laying on the floor in front of me right now after a long night of playing on the floor and watching movies .
: ) Nat , you do n't mind if I invade you for a few , do you ?
Where did all these people come from ?
For the record , and because this question is about my kids , the man in my avatar is not me and I 've never met him .
they are beautiful ... i want to pinch the babby 's cherub cheeks ! ! !
WHHHHAT ? ? ?
you'e a woman ? ?
i was going to ask you to get me pregnate !
anyhooo ... here my babies ... antowne ... he 15 , shaquita , she 8 ... and the other two . .
i ca n't remember their names ... http://i465.photobucket.com/albums/rr18/CHYTIKA14/Jmane.jpg Yes .
My family is way hotter
Your avatar with those adorable children ... just do n't mix. . .
aww theyre adorable !
almost makes me want to have babies Ethiopian ( or NorthEast African ) restaurant in Madrid ?
Does anyone know any Ethiopian ( or NorthEast African ) restaurant in Madrid ?
Have n't found any yet . .
Tiger 's Do you think Mr.Rosie is gon na bring me home something good from the Grocery store ?
im starving ... what will he bring ?
i just wrote back to your email nat jili , we already have a 12 pack in the nightstand lol and i wish cleo !
i never get that anymore : ( maybe some jumbo shrimp ... . . i saw him with a bottle of cock / tail sauce Whatever he brings , there needs to be some flowers in there too . Well knowing Mr. Rosie . . condoms . . and lots of ' em ! Has the Royal family of the Netherlands gone in the crapper ? News Item : `` Prince Willem - Alexander of the Netherlands delivers keynote at eighth annual World Toilet Summit . ``
News Item : `` Irritable bowel syndrome takes center stage at Yakult 's 17th Intestinal Flora Symposium . ''
Evidently could n't find a prince .
They have occupied the porcelain throne for way too long .
It is time for a royal flush .
LOL Do you eat out or eat in Rosario ?
mmmmmmmmm I never eat out in Rosario .
I just like to sit back and watch everyone else eat in Rosario .
Good luck and I hope this helps !
i eat it out of the box ... down at the Y No. I do n't like seafood .
Do your parents talk to you about their sex life ?
My mom does .
It grosses me out sometimes , but its kinda funny .
And one time my dad told me my mom used to be a screamer .
I was like 16 when he said that .
Do other parents do this , or are mine NUTS ?
my mom has a new bf , and she 's always bragging about him .
take away your stars please , a thumbs down fairy is in one of your contacts Say no say no say no say no
YES .
My Foster Mum was telling me she has a new boyfriend .
Asked my advice about protect for STDs ( Good Mummy ) and then informs me he has a whoopin ' pen * * * * * MUM STOP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
My Uncle is the worst .
I was very close to him , and he split from his wife about 6 years ago .
He has a house mate ( also male ) and the things I have learnt have scared my mind for life .
I DO N'T WANT TO KNOW .
I can top it off .
My Grandmother , who is a second mother to me , in her late 60 ' s informs me , when I get old like her , Andrew & I will go at it like rabbits , because that 's what her and my Pop * * STOP * *
Rosie our families are FLIPPIN ' NUTS .
my parents do n't even sleep in the same room !
lol
edit : ahhhh watch out .
The `` I 'm so cool I 'm going to give everyone a thumbs down '' fairy is on the loose !
Eww .
No. I like to just think of my parents as having six immaculate conceptions .
How often should I take my husband out to eat in Rosario ?
He should eat out in Rosario at least 5 - 24 times per week .
Depends on how often he likes fish
Best wishes ;
I hope that facilitates your quest !
Dawson ?
what do i do to attract a woman ?
Keep the uniform .
It 's hot !
whip out your dick and throw on a slick .
Burping , Farting , Scratching .
Where in the world is Rosie Babayyyy II ?
Is she MIA ?
Charli is missing too ? ? ? ? ?
If they are having a party without me , I will be SO upset !
THERE she is !
THERE she is !
Da da da da da da da ... .
It 's okay now ...
I 'm Here !
charli is MIA too ...
maybe a troll has kidnapped them ... .
im worried now : o (
* * * ETA * * * i just read charli 's 360 .
her little brother isnt well and she is away to see him in the hospital .
I 'm sure I sam them both yesterday .
Now that Nina Lee is a troll , how should we celebrate ?
Super Mom ( the ultimate troll ) just dubbed our own Nina Lee a troll .
Now that Nina has achieved this status , what should we all do to celebrate ?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20081120082944AAMGxbZ&r=w#TMAtU2a1VTP.wEuXbuPq6ejhgGIQb9k.tVwRRkPGN1Ldqg8doOp .
LMAO phat woman ... that was MY question , hahaha .
O - M - G , L , I can NOT stop laughing .
You crack me up ! ! ! ! !
wait a minute ... is she a good troll like us ... or a bad troll ? ? ?
LET 'S ALL MEET IN BERN FOR A DRINK ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yikes jan !
Goodbye Rosie , the queen of corona ?
belinda got it !
See you , me and Julio down by the school yard ...
No We ca n't have Rosie go from us .
We would miss her too much .
Where will we get our mucous plug questions from ?
No We ca n't have Rosie go from us .
We would miss her too much .
Where will we get our mucous plug questions from ?
Does anyone know any restaurants that deliver in mardid ?
Besides telepizza , is there anyone that does food delivery in Madrid ?
Hay `` sevicio a domicillo '' de comida en Madrid ?
Que no sea Telepizza ?
En el haria `` salamanca '' cercas de Metro Velasquez o Serrano Why do n't you look in google ?
( Por que no buscas en google ? )
http://letmegooglethatforyou.com/?q=restaurants+that+deliver+in+madrid What is a good apple treat to eat in Spain ?
Tarta de manzanas .
Should I go to Spanish class today ?
My Spanish teacher is actually my best teacher .
She 's funny as shit and real cool , but I dislike the guy I sit by and also some others might skip and take an early Thanksgiving break .
I could easily skip ( no quizzes or anything ) but I could probably actually learn something too It 's up to you .
i will say go to class Ignore the guy , go to class Well , as it is no longer today , and this is the weirdest question I have seen in a few days Ill give you the long answer .
Since your `` today '' is really yesterday I will take a drink of my Corona , a Mexican beer , mostly as the idea of today really being yesterday is something to drink to .
I like to drink Mexican beers , they speak Spanish in Mexico , there for you should have gone to class ... did you ?
You know what would be even weirder ?
If tomorrow could be yesterday ... if the space time continuum was not so dang linear we could all do anything anytime .
On that note did you know that time exists so that everything does not happen at once , and space exists so everything does not happen to YOU ! ! !
Buh Bye .
how to buy nn sell EBAY ?
how buyers buy n PAY MONEYnn how sellers sell EBAY ?
how sellers deliver goods to buyers ?
how to buy nn sell in EBAY EBAY EBAY EBAY EBAY ? ?
r there any books teach us how to buy n sell in EBAY EBAY EBAY EBAY EBAY ? ?
YES EBAY FOR DUMMIES .
how to buy nn sell EBAY ?
how buyers buy n PAY MONEYnn how sellers sell EBAY ?
how sellers deliver goods to buyers ?
how to buy nn sell in EBAY EBAY EBAY EBAY EBAY ? ?
r there any books teach us how to buy n sell in EBAY EBAY EBAY EBAY EBAY ? ?
The best thing is to read the help page .
Here is the link http://pages.ebay.com.au/help/newtoebay/index.html
Buyers give you the money for your goods in three ways - either via PayPal which is a secure online payment method , via direct deposit into your bank account , or cash on pick up from your house or a designated place .
Once your item has sold and payment has been received you post the item to them or they pick it up from you as discussed previously .
The successful buyers address will be sent to you for postage .
If you need to you can also email them via eBay anytime to confirm details .
eBay works successfully on a feedback system .
This is where everytime you buy and sell something you receive feedback from the buyer / seller on how the transaction went .
If you are a slow payer or the item you sold was not exactly as described then you can get feedback and less chance of people buying from you .
This is why it is really important to be as honest as possible about the item .
Also , because they can only see the item in a photo ( that you have taken and uploaded ) they are relying on your honesty .
The best way to get started with eBay is to bid on an item .
There is a book available as well called eBay for Dummies http://books.google.com.au/books?hl=en&id=88sL8SSqZYkC&dq=eBay+for+dummies&printsec=frontcover&source=web&ots=rIc5fzr4LW&sig=2WE1OzMEv-nIpnWxqiwqPh6vNCI&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=1&ct=result which will spell everything out for you .
Is there something like the American IRA ( individual retirement account ) in Italy ?
no I do n't think so ... . .
I think that the IRA is only in America ... .
how to cook BBQsotongBBQLALA BBQCOCKLES BBQfish BBQstingray n the chilli sauce for BBQstingray BBQLALA cockles ?
This made me laugh for like 2 minutes straight .
Thanks , I really needed that ( : Which is the best veg restaurant in bhopal ? Try Bum Chik Restaurant . how to say `` U r veryvery HANDSOME man or boy today and very intelligent good nice sexy goodlooking boy man now '' ? in any language language language
that u know ? ?
to teach ALL the waitresses waitresses
in my restaurants restaurants restaurants
in my restaurants restaurants restaurants
business business business chow chowsue muh nee - Laos ( your look very handsome today ) I think you have a mental problem problem problem BAK KUA ?
how to they make BAK KUA ? ?
how they COOK COOK COOK COOK COOK
BAK KUA BAK KUA BAK KUA BAK KUA ? ?
My suggestion is that you check out Greek Cooking on the internet and get the recipe .
I love it , but have no idea how to make it .
is the food good here ?
yes , it 's very good yep - everything except the fish .
: ) no. Where can I find tap dance in Queens ?
For tap dance I would defiantly check out the American Tap Dance Foundation .
Their based in Manhattan but hold shows and classes all over NY. Check out their website they are always posting their new events .
How come when you poop , sometimes you pee a little too ?
: ?
Well , sometimes my brother farts too .
WTF ?
Why does it matter ?
i ejaculate and vomit at the same time i poop - EVERY TIME hmm ! ! !
maybe because you have a both way or else you will be shiting from your buthole what happend at tribute to the trups ?
your mom How to make soya beans drinks n soya beans beancurd ?
I do n't know .
Try to google soya beans recipes .
You should have some luck there .
how to make ice kachang ?
kachang , kachang , kachang , and add a little Ledd or osam3 or cabbu 5 .
I will be the keeper of the secret .
The Singapore Flyer will never find out !
This is brilliant !
Even the yahoo censors wo n't figure it out .
kachang !
how to make ice kachang ?
place ice in brown bag .
put price tag on bag .
each time bag sold , put money in cash register .
fclose cash drawer .
Kachang !
how to make pens pencils pens rubberrs rulers n rubber ?
for ALL the customers in my
food food food food food food food food food
stalls stalls stalls ER , ok i hope you survive lol any ideas for my birthday party ?
hey im turning 15 in 4 days and i want to have a cool get together , ... . .
u got any ideas of wat we cn do ? ?
with guys ...
Throw a party ( without your parents ) Have a dance , etc. nothing tooo bad . .
set up spa things in your house for you and your friends , buy craft supplies and create .
No why do i feel like this world isnt real sometimes ?
It is so weird sometimes , this feeling I get ...
What is going through my mind ?
I will be walking and I get these weird feelings like I stepped out of my body and everything seems so fake , like a dream ...
I do n't think anyone understands what I mean ...
Sometimes I feel like I do n't care what happens cuz its all going to end anyways ...
I am not emo or anything , I have a great life and I could n't wish for anything more ( well ... Not entirely ) but you get my point
Its getting to the point that I 'm so stressed about feeling this way ...
I just wish I was little again , to the point that everything was n't fake to me , everything was n't just a picture in ones mind ...
Have you done any research on the dissociative disorders ?
Well ...
This life is only temporary .
We will all move into an eternal state at some point , so I would say that your feelings are totally justified .
I do n't know anyone that has n't had this feeling , I mean how could you not ?
We all live on this one planet , and none of us know to real meaning to life !
Of course you 're bound to question the existence of life , and question your what is real and what 's not .
It is what it is , there is no changing reality , just enjoy the ride .
I think we have another one MILFs ?
can you please star this so all of our lovely contacts can block her and report her before she reports this question ... you should see the email she sent me . .
these poor people have nothing better to do with their lives . .
i feel for them ... she has stalked all my Q&As and bought up one of my answers .
thanks to all of you for all your help !
http://answers.yahoo.com/my/profile;_ylc=X3oDMTBxZjVlc3FkBF9TAwRzZWMDdXNyX3VzcgRzbGsDc2VuZGVy;_ylv=3?show=RfJv9Ttcaa hahahaha . .
i love you guys . .
always crack me up ! ! !
about the email . .
no worries . .
i 'm a very open person and hold nothing back . .
she must have read an answer i wrote the other day that i had an abortion awhile ago ... it was a really ... really . .
bad situatiion and it had to be done , unfortunately ... this was before ayden , i said , if it wasnt for me having to do that i would never have ayden .
although a sad situation i dont beat myself up over it .
now having a child i could n't ever do it again ... so in the email .
she was referencing my question about that little girl who was murder and she said i 'm just like that mother because i 'm a murderer too becasue i killed my baby . .
i was like whoa ... thats a bold statement ... but really . .
this girl is irrevelant to me and my life . .
i just laughed at it .
she dont know the situation and why i did it .
like i said , i 'm not proud of it but i also dont hide things about myself .
here 's the email :
Message :
How dumb are you ?
ca n't you look it up .
How are you different from the mom ?
You killed your baby too .
you had an abortion .
they should put your azz i jail .
dumb dumb .
What did the email say ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I 'm so nosey !
: )
Blocked !
done and done I see this all the time .
Women sign up for a Yahoo! Answers account , and all is well until they come across my avatar .
Once they bask in the glory of Pimp Stain 's yellow inner thighs , they go mad with lust and start attacking any MILF they think stands in their way .
`` One Hot Mom '' is nothing but a victim .
She is a victim of her own untamed desire to be with me .
We should pity her , not block her .
Let us pary .
Can you see this picture ?
I have been trying to upload a photo for my avator and I finally gave up because I can get it to work !
But you can you see this flicker picture ?
http://www.flickr.com/photos/laurenjdiaz / Sorry I meant to say I CA N'T get it to work , LOL !
Everyone Thumbs Up Ayden 's Mommy !
Yeap !
I tried Everything - oh well !
Luvmy4boys ~ Yeah I did ...
Look at my 360 picture , it 's a different picture .
that 's so weird lauren . .
i cant believe it 's not working for you ? ? ?
and you tried everything i told you ?
hmmm ? ?
ahhhh that pic is adoriable ! ! ! ! !
she 's precious . .
okay , everyone . .
thumbs UP me ...
here 's the link to my little test . .
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhnQ2q_bKSBE22CRrmmjadjsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20081231070901AA9XIvf Yes , and I LOVE her pigtails !
Yes I can see it , cute kid .
how to make moneymoneymoney during a wartime ?
esp in food food food food food food
business business bsuiness ? ? ?
esp in food food food food food food
business business bsuiness ? ? ?
esp in food food food food food food
business business bsuiness ? ? ?
esp in food food food food food food
business business bsuiness ? ? ?
esp in food food food food food food
business business bsuiness ? ? ?
esp in food food food food food food
business business bsuiness ? ? ?
esp in food food food food food food
business business bsuiness ? ? ?
esp in food food food food food food
business business bsuiness ? ? ?
sell munitions to the vivivivictors or you could ruuuuunruuunruuuun rummm rummm rummm across eneneneny lines ... hav u ever been cheatedCHEATED in any scams b4 ?
When I was in my twenties I made alot of typical , naive mistakes in dealing with companies and people who preyed on my naivete .
I 'm in my 40 ' s now and it has been a long time since I have been scammed , because I became very leery and hyper - vigilant when dealing with companies and people .
Having said that , a couple of years ago I was scammed by a water softener company .
This company , called RainSoft , laid out the whole contract and the rep spent hours going through all the details .
I felt confident that I had made a wise decision .
This company came recommended by a dear , trusted friend .
Well come to find out that there was alot of fine print that was n't covered and no matter how much I put towards the cost and have attempted to pay the bill in full or settle with this company , this company refuses to do the right thing .
I found out later that this supposed , dear and trusted friend was part of this company as a side job and I was scammed by her as well .
When I researched later I found out that this company has quite a few complaints against them all stating the same problems I came across .
I have made payments towards this water softener that equal double the principal and yet they still want $ 6000 dollars more on an originally $ 4000 system .
I think in our present society that no matter how careful you are , there are still unscrupulous people who will take advantage and therefore no one is safe .
nevernevernevernever except once in a fast foodfoodfood place where they gave away monopoly pieces in a scamscamscam Is the category `` Manzanillo '' reserved to the elite of the high gastro ... ?
... nomy ?
I heard Fidel Gastro likes to come over there .
no , it is a town in Colorado where prime numbers are generated - like 1,2,3,5,7,11 ... instead of prime beef Has anyone ever tried the birthday cake at that restaurant in Rosario ?
I heard it 's to die for .
Happy Birthday to The Other Rosie ! ! !
Tichur , I ca n't remember the name of the place , but I know they are pretty famous for this cake ...
WE SHOULD ALL EAT AT ROSARIO 'S .
Happy birthday other Rosie ! !
Happy Birthday to the other Rosie :
D
Mudcake is soo much better though .
Hotmail problem , help ! ?
I ca n't open my hotmail .
After I sign in the screen goes blank .
Thought i would get a scan program to clean up computer hoping this is the problem , but they all require an e-mail address .
As I ca n't get access to mine , what do I do ?
Computer says Java script is n't on but it is .
Is this the problem ?
bob s - tried what you said , made NO difference !
i had same problem earlier it was hotmail server it was down so try again in a while if not try reinstalling jarva Set up an email account with someone other then hotmail .
You have a yahoo one , which is the one you use to sign into yahoo answers .
Use that for your anti virus .
run disk cleanup , delete all your browsing history , restart computer Why when we take a map of Liverpool in Manzanillo , there is n't any streets which correspond ?
That wo n't make easier the international exchanges !
Do n't you find that shocking ?
@ jpturboprop : `` British '' ?
Oh thank you ! ! !
I 'm very flattered .
Actually , I 'm French ...
Anyway , I 'm very disappointed because I always thought British had a great sense of humour ... which is obviously not the case .
@ jpturboprop : `` British '' ?
Oh thank you ! ! !
I 'm very flattered .
Actually , I 'm French ...
Anyway , I 'm very disappointed because I always thought British had a great sense of humour ... which is obviously not the case .
shocking ! ! !
Another example of that damned British arrogance ...
What is the average price of a kebab with a carott - chocolate sauce in Manzanillo ?
Yummy !
Alternative question : is this meal recommended for people with intestine problems ?
Alinka S :
And ?
STOP TROLLING ! ! !
I believe two camels and one 1 women .
lol its the same price it always is , your anal cherry , then c o c k to mouth , cheers big ears Here is chocolate site Are the waiters allowed to sleep with the clientele in Manzanillo ?
Do they worth it ?
Alternative question :
Is the yen accepted ?
Yes .
Actually , it 's expected .
It 's considered to be part of the price of admission .
You asked , `` Do they worth it ? ''
Well , if they do n't worth it , what else are they going to do ?
Not worth it ?
And yes , the yen is accepted anywhere the dollar is .
Have fun !
Can someone recommend a good place to eat out here in Rosario ?
I like things hot & spicy !
I recommend The Shaved Clam .
I assume you speak of Rosario , Mexico ?
Head down the road a bit to La Fonda -- fantastic food .
I recommend the Banana pancakes in the AM and the lobster for dinner .
You could stand to miss a meal or two !
Why would someone I trusted do this ?
I had an account and was working hard on it .
I was very close to level 3 and wanted to get a TC badge .
But I was getting reported for the stupidest things and started getting a ton of violations .
I got rid of my fans and no more violations for that entire time period .
I watched as people added me back , and deleted ones I did n't know or trust .
So my fans were only my contacts I trusted .
But within just a few days of adding fans back , I was suspended for God knows why .
why would someone i trusted do this ?
The account was LFDS as some of you may know .
i was able to go on answers about 4ish hours ago , so i juuust oopsed .
jili -- what happened though was that during the few days i had no fans i got no violations and i was never reported , and i was much more active then i had been before .
i just think it 's a weird coincidence ?
maybe i 'm wrong .
i guess i 'll never really know for sure .
Some people just have too much time on their hands , and Y !
A should really take a look at what 's being reported because some content is a violation while other content is clearly not .
Maybe you answered a question that offended the person who asked it and they look at your Q&A to see what they can report you on ?
maybe itz cuz dey r haten on u. . .
they probably saw dat u were almost on level 3 md messed u up for no good reason I do n't know .
I am sorry for your lots .
It was n't me .
I am not just quoting a Shaggy song .
I missed Susie anyway , so welcome back !
You should get your Religion and Spirituality TC Badge soon !
Good luck and I hope I helped !
How much does it cost to fly to Thailand from LAX ?
About $ 800 one - way , depending on when you fly , what day of the week you fly , how many stops you choose , etc. , etc. Kayak.com Whats good baby are you feeling me today baby ?
Lol :
Freak What does this have to do with dining out in Spain ?
When is the next Tap Dance Show ?
The American Tap Dance Foundation is having a Tap Dance concert Series `` Sound Check '' February 12,13 , 18 , 19 & 20 - 2009 .
The show will be held at Judson Memorial Church .
For more information check out there website atdf.org or for tickets go to www.atdf.org/tix.htm Where can i take adult Tap Classes ?
American Tap Dance Foundation , they offer tap classes for all ages and levels including adults .
Check out their website atdf.org Check your local listings in your city for tap dancing or dance schools .
Or visit yahoo yellow pages .
And why is this listed in the Dining out section ?
: ) When is Sound Check ?
When you check if sound is coming out .
EX. Microphone .
`` 1,2,3 check '' `` Sound Check A Tap Dance Concert Series '' is February 12 , 13 , 18 , 19 & 20 - 2009 .
The show is being held at Judson Memorial Church , 55 Washington Square South .
For tickets visit or Call : atdf.org / tix.htm or the 24/7 Ticket Hotline 800 - 838 - 3006 Where Can I see Sound Check A Tap Dance Concert Series ?
`` Sound Check A Tap Dance Concert Series '' is at Judson Memorial Church , 55 Washington Square South on February 12 , 13 , 18,19 & 20 - 2009 .
For Tickets visit or call : atdf.org / tix.htm or 24/7 Ticket Hotline 800 - 838 - 3006 What is Sound Check ?
`` Sound Check '' is A Tap Dance Concert Series on February 12 , 13,18,19 & 20 - 2009 at Judson Memorial Church , 55 Washington Square South .
For tickets go to atdf.org / tix.htm how to disable safe mode ?
You know , you 'd get better answers to your question if you did n't post in such an obscure and inappropriate place .
No one is going to look in `` Dining out in Ciudad Real Spain '' for questions about computers .
. .
enchiladas made with dog meat ?
so my dog passed away the other day and i ahve yet to decide what to do with it , but ive heard dog meat is very good and my bf is spanish and said hes eaten it and wants to make enchiladas with the meat ne one have ne recipes ?
ne one have ne recipes ?
ewwwww .
that is not true .
i bet he was just joking .
im spanish and people dont eat dog meat .
maybe it is beef .
the enchiladas that are made from meat are from beef .
not dog meat .
you dont have a heart , trying to eat your dog .
she / he is joking around with u where 's the best place for dining out in cancun ?
i do n't care how much is it cost for dining out ... just want to take my fiancee out being more comfortable and romance , can you provide me place and name please .
well about TGI Friday or chillis this is standard i 'm talking about quality restaurant which including Jazz music or Latin Jazz music ... with sexy view and feeling ... as i said i do n't care how much is it cost ... those TGI Friday other stuffs ' it 's peanuts restaurant as McDonald .
Go to La Habichuela .
It 's a terrrific restaurant , they make a wonderful ceasar salad at tableside .
They interior of the restaurant is designed like a grotto .
Definitely romantic and good food .
Enjoy ! !
Check it out www.lahabichuela.com There are SO many American restaurants in Cancun that you find everyday here in the US .
Outback Hard Rock Cafe TGI Fridays
and the list goes on and on
Most hotels or resorts have several restaurants on site that are very nice .
Just relax and enjoy your vacation .
5 star and 10 points ?
Plase help . ?
If I go a hotel whit my friends and we are 4 and we only can pay a room for 2 , the hotel leave to us sleep the 4 in the room for 2 or not .
please help , I wan na know because my friends and mi got to Spain so I wan na know .
Most hotels in Spain , booking a room for two , you 'll get two single beds .
It does depend on the hotel and all , but I have never been in any hotel in any country where they gave you two king sized beds !
Nor any hotel where they allowed you to pay for two and sleep four .
They charge you ... for a reason .
If you can get away with it , you are stealing .
And they do n't put fold out couches into regular doubles either ... not in any country that I have rented a hotel room in .
So , unless you want to pay for four , or put two of you on the floor ( which , trust me , in you are going to be in trouble .
PS This has nothing to do with DIning .
Yeah Cause usally they have too king size beds .
but mostly they doo .
i did that with my grandparents .
yea they have two king size beds or they have a pull out couch to sleep on hoped i helped where can i go shoppiing online or otherwiise or online or anysites any goodsites for shopping ?
any places to eating eating eating eating also ? ? ?
also night markets ? ? ? ?
any places to eating eating eating eating also ? ? ?
also night markets ? ? ? ?
any places to eating eating eating eating also ? ? ?
also night markets ? ? ? ?
any places to eating eating eating eating also ? ? ?
also night markets ? ? ? ?
Shopping for what ?
If you want to do analysis for restaurants , you could try restaurants.com or zagat.com .
overstock.com is good .
restaruants.com Do you love to eat danishes ?
yes yes yes id dooooooooooooooooo !
Baked goods = my life .
what should I do my yahoo account do n't open any more ?
you have been cancelled do you like the name sophia ?
we love it so we named our 10 year old sofea , pronounced the same i have to say i prefer Sophie !
is this a tax question ?
What is your favorite Holiday that best represents your area / region ?
Fascinated by regional traditions and wanting to know what are your favorite or most liked traditions ?
We like to take a yearly holiday to the Santiago area .
I guess you could call that a tradition .
The beautiful water sculptures in the Plaza de Armas are breath taling .
We also visit the Metropolitan Cathedral .
if time allows we jump over to Maipo Valley for some wine tasting .
There are so many .
With some great friends who live in the region I can tell you that each day just riding bicycle and or walking the beautiful land is exciting and breath taking .
I have many pictures from the region that were sent to me while I was in school and I share them to this day with the grandchildren .
Argentina is a beautiful and blessed land .
What do you think about teens having babies ?
Babies having babies ... what do you think ?
I ca n't judge because my mother had me a quite a young age and I feel that she did the best she could because my father did n't claim me .
I met my father only twice , I think the last time I saw him , I was 6 or 7 and I am an adult now .
It still hurts me but I am glad my mother helped me and my brother .
Do you think that babies having babies is so bad or is it the worse thing on this earth ?
Should those teens get married ?
Take Sarah Palin 's daughter for instance ...
That is such a loaded question .
Back in the old days it was pretty much considered a big fat HELL NO. Today ?
I think ... no I know there is a lot of stupid teens out there that are very naive and have no clue what they 're doing when they have sex and definitely scared to death when it comes to raising a kid or having a life .
Im kind of one of them .
I did ok .
I just played by ear and did well .
I think 16 and up is ok as long as they have a level head .
Any younger than that ?
Nope .
One and only thing GOOD about having babies young is you 'll be Grandma or Grandpa at an early age for a long time and still look good doing it and the child does n't have to go through the anguish of having a wonderful close relationship with their Grandparents and then watch them pass away .
Lets put it this way .
You cant stop kids from doing what they do no matter how many times you whip their butt , yell at them or ground them but if I CAUGHT or found out that either one of my daughters was having any kind of sex at least before they were 16 they 'll wish they never did and I have 2 of them .
They very beautiful .
Already gon na be beating up boyfriends right and left with a Louisville Slugger ...
Children should not have children .
The minimum cost to raise a child to age 18 is now $ 120,000 which means that probably someone else will be paying to raise the baby , either the teenager 's parents or we the taxpayers .
It is not right to bring a child into the world under those circumstances , especially for the baby .
I Know some young mothers that are perfect young mums they care and love , dote on their children and give them everything that they need and like i know some mature parents that just suck at being parents the age should n't matter as long as their is love , support , money , house etc i was a young mum at 18 and now have 3 great kids and i know i 'm a great mum !
so age should n't matter when it comes too parenting as long as their is love and a house to live in thats all that matters !
what is the name of the tallest man in the word ?
how are u doing why do u have the word best musician shorty johnson how do i get over and completely forget this girl i met online ?
Ugh , she 's a real brat.I fell for her hard .
Thing is I show her I like her and all she does is try to be smart and thinks she 's so cool .
We have n't even met and I lost my temper on her due to her being a brat .
I really like her but I think its best I forget .
She has stopped telling me she likes me .
I do n't even think she does anymore .
I have deleted her number , but I know .
It off head .
I do n't have much time too meet grls in real life cuz I 'm busy a lot .
HOW DO I FORGET HER ? ?
I 'm always tempted to text or call her .
constantly have something to do .
you just do LOL focus on someone or something else i have someone ive known like my whole life hees use crap after crap ta tery to get me i fell fer him back when but now i could allmost careless like 900f the time when he talks to me he wants something sexual thesedays sence highschool graduation he thinks hees better then me when he found out i liked him -- which i made no effort to hide -- he stopped actin like he ecven knew me an yea some relationships are a pain good thing ive my computer stuff rrelated to it an yup even gardening ta keep my mind offa some stuff i still have his phone number like memorised from when we were like 10 im allmost 20 now you are a dork What 's A ZQ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
: ) : ) ?
Who knows what in the world ? ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ! ! ! ! ?
nah . .
just kidding .
type something really creepy or random or something.cause i always get excited to pick the best answer for my questions but get really disappointed when all the answers suck cow nipples .
just ... make sure to take out the trash .
fact : monkeys like to climb buildings while eating bananas .
Here 's hoping you receive answers that do n't suck bull nuts .
a cafe that is open sunday evening in geneva ?
any idea of a cafe open on sunday evenings ? ? ? ?
sorry no idea ive been thereeeeeeeee .
great service.its nice and clean .
help please ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
my best friend jackie is pregnant .
again .
with quadruplets .
and she 's thirteen .
she doesnt know if she killed any of them while she was jumping on her trampoline yesterday .
she doesnt feel like going to the doctors .
so what should she do ?
WOW ! ! !
THAT IS ALOT OF KIDS FOR A THIRTEEN YEAR OLD .
QUESTION IS DOES SHE FEEL LIKE SHE LOST ANY OF THEM ?
DID THE DOCTOR SAID THAT SHE LOST ANY ?
AND HOW THE HELL SHE GOT KNOCKED UP AND GOT QUADRUPLETS ?
SHE NEEDS TO TALK TO SOMEONE ABOUT THIS PRIDICAMENT AND WORK IT OUT .
THAT IS SCARY Uhhh ask her parents she should go to the doctors anyway .
this is no longer about her feelings , its about the health of he children Birthday Party in Johor Bahru ?
I want to celebrate my 17th birthday party in Johor Bahru because unfortunately I live here and celebrating in Singapore is kinda expensive .
So any idea on where to celebrate in Johor Bahru ( other than in my own house ) ?
( No Shopping Malls Please ) Danga Bay is a great place with great view .
You should try make a birthday party there .
Btw , the food there is rather expensive .
And I proposed if you are searching for the restaurant , Singgah Selalu is a great restaurant .
It enter Jalan2 Cari Makan 2 years ago ... http://allforyou.amstrad.at A very informative website you can also get much information in website would you ever eat anything that has been farted on ?
Lol .
Random question .
No i would n't eat anything farted on .
A. Because as i was eating it , I would feel a bit put off
B. Because even though you may think its wafted off its gas and it had certain chemicals that tend to linger How do vampires get it up ?
THEY HAVE NO BLOOD HOW With their teeth . .
how else are they supposed to ?
They dont need blood when they got venom :
P it all depends on who is telling the story .
In some Vampire tells that ca n't have sex , in others they have tons and tons of sex .
I think the question is how can vampires exist being that they are dead my bird sleeps on the bottom of the cage , why ?
Everytime I uncover him in the morning he is on the bottom of the cage .
It does n't seem like a logical place for a bird to sleep .
Is this normal ?
Why is he doing this ?
maybe the bird finds it comfortable to sit there Do you prefer male or female babys ?
When you eat them duh .
Ay , shut up .
You said it wrong it 's Shoop Da Whoop I do n't see the point in it .
I 'm not into babies either way .
Neither gross ! ! !
Do you like to put a shower for your baby ?
I like to drown mine in the shower .
shut up What 's your answer Do you like to cut the umbilicle cord ?
I just eat it with the baby .
yummy pigs - people like you should not be allowed to reproduce WOW !
not only are you in the wrong section ( you should look for the gross section ) , but you ca n't spell either .
I think I would eat Tyler Harrison 's baby 's ?
Would you ? ?
Nope lol its not my style !
Whens that sob comeing out of him anyways ?
How Do You Make Thai Ice Tea ?
Ingredients :
6 cups water 1 cup Thai tea 3/4 cup sugar 6 tablespoons cream 6 tablespoons condensed milk
Directions :
In a kettle , bring the water to a boil .
Place the tea in a teapot or glass container .
Pour the water over the tea and let steep until bright orange in color , 3 to 5 minutes .
Strain into a clean container , such as a pitcher ( or , if in tea bags , remove the bags ) .
Add sugar and stir to dissolve .
Let cool to room temperature , then cover and refrigerate until ready to serve .
Fill 6 tall glasses with crushed ice and add tea to 3/4 full .
Add 1 tablespoon cream and 1 tablespoon condensed milk to each glass .
Serve with iced - tea spoon so guests can swirl the mixture themselves .
Egg , cream , red tea , milk , sugar .
So . .
OK . .
well ...
I need some help ?
There is this cup . .
in the cupboard and I ca n't reach it .
How would I get TO the cup from where I am now ?
dude you need to rephrase your question .
the grammar is all messed up .
You make it sound as if you want to be where the cup is .
Nz .
My Ans. Screw cups take a glass You get a cup from a different cupboard .
Why is the colosseum a wonder ?
And also the gladiator matches were held there Because its a tremendous example of Roman architecture built by a culture that did n't have the benefits of cranes and advanced construction technologies .
All of the other answers are true but it is just the tip of things .
It also is an engineering marvel with moving floors .
They also had the ability to flood it for naval fights as well .
I need a list of cute Japanese or Chinese snacks and desserts ! ! ! ?
I Need some cute or cool Japanese OR chinese snack and Desserts names .
So i can look up the pictures on google or yahoo and drawl them .
I would like them to have cute designs or pics on them .
The more weirder the better ^ .
^ and i dont care what they taste like im just going on looks .
Pocky Anything Apollo Brand Calpico ( Japanese beverage , sometimes has Hello Kitty on the packaging )
Check out this website .
They have tons of pictures of Asian candy
http://www.asianfoodgrocer.com/category/pocky-snacks-candy?gclid=CLiDl5L9lJkCFQrAGgodSzWPbQ
Hope that helped !
MOCHI !
it 's a japanese dessert that is like ice cream but its made out of rice .
it 's good !
Hi there ,
Try the following sources :
Hope this is what you are looking for !
( ^ -- ^ ) My father is called Ken .
Will this cause problems when visiting Khon Kaen ?
For the record , his name is actually Ken in real life .
I had no idea Ken had an illegitimate kid .
Does Barbie know ?
If I get BA to this Q , will I get an orange badge for this catorgory ?
My answer is :
I dont think it will cause issues for Ken , especially since he will be going thru a divorce soon for cheating on that pink priss .
Only if you visit with your next of kin .
Ken you understand this ?
Nope , I think he 'll be just fine , Em. BTW , nice avie .
If that is Ken , I would enjoy meeting him .
Does El Rey Del Cabrito have a website ?
I dont think so the closest there is to the website is the one below : yo quiero taco bell Maybe something else forever please now ?
What ?
Regarding your atheism .
I suggest agnosticism .
At least it is n't another type of faith : ) Atheists know there is no god .
Religious people know there is a god .
An agnostic makes no claim to knowing the unknowable .
So what is your question / ?
Why do the KFC and McDonald restaurants at service stations always have lame menus ?
In Canberra ?
Because they are not major services , they are usually classed as a `` Eat ' n ' Go '' sort of thing , which means quick service so you can get out quicker .
The less stock they have the quicker it takes to have things ready so they can keep cooking them so when customers order they can get it quick so they do n't take up the petrol pumps .
Service stations do n't sell much food anyway .
G'day Pointless Ladette ,
Thank you for your question .
It is probably due to the location as there often are n't many options nearby and many customers want to eat as soon as possible and get back on their way .
Regards I do n't know .
I 'm more concerned with their lame health scores .
My S / O asked me if I knew how to Pak Kret right ?
What is he really asking ? ?
That he loves you and you should have a suitcase ready to go .
You 'll know when you Pak Kret right ...
He 'll squeal !
how odd is that new pussycat dolls video ?
2 days old dawg What is even odder , is you posting this question in the Dining Out section of Y !
Answers .
what is it really like to grow old ?
I depends on what your definition of old is , I 'm 67 so for the thirteen and fourteen year old they probably consider me to be old .
But in my brain and in my heart I 'm still twenty .
The advantage i have though is having experienced a lot of life 's ups and downs I am now calmer and happier than I 've ever been , I appreciate all the good things in life and wake up every morning with not a worry in the world , looking forward to seeing a bright new day .
The only down side is the old joints do n't work as well as they used to , a small price to pay for the inner calm and serenity I feel inside .
hopefully you'lll find out !
every year , you 're getting older , never seem to find the time ?
Every year you get older right ?
Do you feel any different ?
As we age we have certain aches and pains , some do n't depends on your genetic makeup .
Hope you live a good healthy long life and then you will know .
It 's not all that bad !
Let 's just say that when your 30 or 40 you ca n't really do what you did when you were 20 ! !
CUTE ! ! !
What is a dessert famous in Rhone - Alpes France ?
Chocolate Mousse what shane said .
Mazanillo abcdefghaijklmnopqrst ?
sure what is this song ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
The song sounds a lot like Pitbulls the anthem but a girl sings it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I am definitley thinking its Enur featuring natasja Song title is Calabria
heres the link ... hope i helped http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL1hlzLsUaU
Its the closest thing to the anthem i can think of maybe it is natasja just seach it i am not sure about it .
maybe the same song of pitbull they just made a girl version ... if you know the song try adding girl version beside beautiful n brains , how about lenght ?
Length ( height ) is good , too .
I am i right to this ?
ok my friend that left at the train station apparntaly had fun so like today i baked her a cake filled with laxatives right before we went on a long trip thats like 7 hours away in the middle of nowhere and i invited her crush :
P No. Pranks that cause others bodily harm are not funny at all .
What exactly did she do to you ?
I think that might have been a bit extreme .
Oh my goodness !
What on earth did this person do to you ? !
Do n't put ink on your CD , you moron .
You 'll RUIN the computer 's ability to scan it if you do that ... ?
Do n't put ink on your CD , you moron .
You 'll RUIN the computer 's ability to scan it if you do that ... ?
By any chance are you related to Osam3 ?
Anyway , great info . .
thanks for repeating it several times for me .
I think I finally get it .
oh , ok .
thanks for that info .
Woo hoo I 'm a moron .
I 've never been called one of them ... ... well in the last 24 hours anyway .
EDIT : thanks Verchina Expert , but are you talking about my carpet or my drapes ?
EDIT AGAIN : no worries my carpet and drapes match perfectly , but you should know that seeing as I have had an exam already with you .
What a good Expert , keeping true to the hypocratic oath .
how to store the lighting energy ?
hi i want clear detail about to store the lighting energy ... .
hi mohammed , i got ur mail .
its simple the voltage range which we get from lightning is in the order of million KV ... .
We dont have such huge and powerful devices such as capacitors to sore such lightning voltage ... ... .
Even we cant use it for high voltage testing at any industries ... ... ... . .
k. .
bye ... ( can you solve these simple chemical equilibrium questions ? )
?
1 -
N2O4 ( g ) -- -- > 2NO2 ( g ) KP = o.66 mol
T = 46 c P = 380 mmHg PN2O4 = ?
PNO2 = ?
2 -
H2 ( g ) + I2 ( g ) -- -- - > 2HI ( g ) K = 55.3
T = 700 k H2 = 1 mol I2 = 1 mol ( HI ) = ?
Y U P. . .
my thoughts exactly ... smile How ( and where ) can a Swiss Company claim back VAT paid to a Thai Company for Services rendered in Thailand ?
A Thai Company charged 7 % VAT on top of an agreed price to a Swiss Company with the claim that the Services were rendered in Thailand ( Assembly and delivery of materials from Thailand to a project in Thailand ) .
They claim that is the Thai law .
Where can we claim back this VAT and how ?
get your doubts clear visit this website http://taxlogic.blogspot.com Chocolate lovers ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
Does anyone know where I can buy the mozart chocolate balls that are made in Salzburg , Austria in Maryland ? ?
Mozartkugeln
Your best bet is on the internet !
http://www.mozartkugeln.org / Is there a good stakehouse / seafood place in Tijuana ?
I am heading down there this weekend , with g / f and her kids , I know she likes seafood , but I want a steak .
Is there a place you recommend ?
and how do I get there from the SY - TJ border ?
Go to Asadero Kino in Zona Rio , it 's right after the San Ysidro border .
It 's a really good place , it 's nice and they have great food .
Address :
Ave. Padre Kino 4307 , Tijuana , Mexico Phone : 682 - 3814
here 's the link in google maps , you can get exact directions in there http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&source=s_q&hl=en&geocode=&q=asadero+kino+tijuana&vps=1&jsv=154c&sll=32.424022,-115.831604&sspn=1.224101,1.878662&ie=UTF8&latlng=32484724,-117067782,17879243530419932239&ei=AszmSaT7BIqqNpugoIML&cd=1 Where is the best place to eat in manaus ?
Your man 's anus ! ! !
LOL Where is manaus ... . . ? ? ?
If it 's in the U.S. I'vee never heard of it .
Sounds appetizing What is the best dish you had in Manaus ?
A nice cheesy quesadilla and tomato soup . .
weird combo but it was lovely .
I need a name for a bar restaurant in Spain ?
Hi ,
Can anyone give me suggestions for a bar / restaurant name ?
The bar / restaurant is in Southern Spain .
The idea is to turn it into a more upmarket , family friendly bar / restaurant .
Ideally it has to be a trendy name ... we plan to provide some live music ( jazz mainly ) and maybe some art exhibitions , etc.
Thanks !
Most bars in Southern Spain either have the name of the owner , or something to do with the location ... something like ( and these are actual names ... I do n't think you can use them ) `` La Campana '' ( right near where the belltower used to be ) `` La Giralda '' ( in view of that famous bell tower ) `` La Isla '' okay , that 's a restuarant ... and I 'm not sure WHY they named it that .
`` El Postigo '' ( in view of the gateway of that name . )
`` La Bellota '' .
Again , not really sure why they called it that ... has nothing to do with ham or acorns ... just what the owner wanted to name it , I guess .
Other than that , you would find places named for the person who started them ... like Pepi or whatever .
Name it for yourself , a flower , a landmark , or a literary figure you particularly like .
Naming anything for Don Quixote is a sure way to attract anyone in Spain , including the tourists .
Maybe an artist ... if you are near where he was born , going with Picasso or `` el cubista '' or something along those lines , and then decorating with his prints would work out .
El Bulli Try this ones :
La bodeguita , andalucia , el mirador , el parador , el tomatito , la cantaora , la flamenca , el torito bravo , ole and much more .
Good luck ! ! ! !
what do you like about manaus ?
Uh whoever you are you just made my day ... .
hmmm in Manaus it 's very tropical and nice ... have you been there before ?
Who would you like to meet in Manaus ?
If you really live there then I guess you ?
Hi , penangites ... i need your help . . ?
i 'm planning to organise a bungalow stay sort of thing for school and i want a place with a beach nearby . .
so that narrow things down to either Batu Feringgi or teluk bahang .
but since we are students , money is a big concern .
if you know of any place cheap and can accommodate more than 30 students , please help , if possible with a telephone directory as well .
Thank you so much .
fuck yeah nigger .
shit will be shat so fuck those damn niggers shit ! !
how bout BBQs Can I get clams in Trang at all ?
yes , lots of seafood is available in Trang .
Best place to get crabs in Trang ?
Phens bed and breakfast has more crabs than you could ever want .
Yours truly Can I request extra crabs anywhere in Trang ?
I once stayed at a Bed and Breakfast that served all the crabs you wanted in Trang .
It was called Phen 's , I believe .
Tons of crabs there .
Wow , what a shitload of spam .
What was that , ten questions in five minutes ?
i can give you crabs ; ) my pencil has ran out of ink ?
my pencil has ran out of ink how would i make the ink to replace it , THANKS pencils dont use ink they have graphite pencil ?
try sharpening it xD You 're joking right .
What is the best thing to order in Trang ?
Seafood .
Pak bung loa fa .
Its a vegetable dish that the cook throws and the waiter catches and they give it to you Larb is a delicious pork salad , and try with a local seafood soup .
YUMMIES !
my girl friend is all ways with guys and i really like her wat should i do ?
HYdid u ask that in this section ?
is she form vitoria brazil ?
tell her and ask her out .
the worst she can do i say no , she 's not going to hurt you if you ask Where is Phitsanulok is Thailand ?
Where is Phitsanulok in Thailand ?
Thanks in advance for the help !
Whoops !
I meant in :
D `` Phitsanulok ( Thai : พิษณุโลก ) is one of the provinces ( changwat ) of Thailand , located in the North of Thailand .
Neighboring provinces are ( from east clockwise ) Loei , Phetchabun , Phichit , Kamphaeng Phet , Sukhothai , Uttaradit .
In the north - east it also has a short border with Xaignabouli of Laos .
''
More : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phitsanulok_Province Google Maps : http://maps.google.com/maps?q=Phitsanulok 0n % 20Thailand History of Phitsanulok Province : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Phitsanulok_Province Phitsanulok City , the capital of Phitsanulok Province : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phitsanulok Thailand is here Phitsnulok is here Why are some yahoo categories more popular than others ?
some more people need more advice in different things.some things are more fun to answer .
personally , i love answering pregnancy questions , but that 's just me .
well , why not ?
Thai Dish GOEY SI MEE ?
can anyone help me find out how many calories are in it ?
Over 100 .
Quite a few .
Probs about 300 - 500 ?
How many cancerous tumors can be considered a healthy number ?
owiee As many metres as you can throw a mule Zero .
What does this have to do with dining out ?
EEEEEEEEEEEWWWWW !
Easy 10 points ... if you only answer ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ?
Where is this guy from ? ?
Is he good looking or not ?
http://s720.photobucket.com/albums/ww204/adamrocks2006/?action=view&current=swred-1.jpg this guy is form jakarta indonesia , his name is adam and he 's ok looking i think his name is adam ; ) This guy is from Earth .
God has created everyone so no one is bad looking .
What events are happening in May ?
In the US ...
Mother 's Day ( May 10 ) Armed Forces Day ( May 16 ) Memorial Day ( May 25 )
Canada has Victoria 's Day ( May 18 )
And last but not least MY BIRTHDAY -- - 23 May !
CINCO de MAYO ! ! ! !
yay ' Obby ' Oss in Padstow on May 1st and Flora Day in Helston on May 8th .
If you were an undercover FBI agent ?
Where would you hide your Vadge ?
TooLoose .
I would n't hide it , I would keep my vadge out in the open so people could see it and touch it .
And if they absolutely had to , they could taste it I would hide IN a vadge .
in my pants pocket since its kinda small .
Please help me translate into English ?
Le Verchina moi Toulouse .
Fou .
Something about throwing a hotdog down a hallway ...
Your vadge started mooing after having four men at a time made you too loose .
Or it has something to do with leaving your mountain bike at the airport .
Did someone mention hot dog ?
It 's that week to have them with ketchup .
It 's also the week I get to poop .
Yay !
how do i become an hero ?
Wrap a dish towel around your neck , pin the corners together with a safety pin , and jump off the roof .
Oh ... .
sorry ... ... .
That 's a SUPERhero .
Got me there .
IDK ! !
wtf ?
Un Restaurante Bonito En La Cuidad De Puebla Para Dar Un Anillo De Compromiso ?
Tacaqueria Hernando Ortiza Ok , honestly , what does That 's what she said mean ?
First said on The Office , it is way to turn a comment dirty .
it takes something said , and igves it a new , sexual , meaning .
for example , one boy says , about a hotdog , `` boy this is long ! ''
and the other boy says `` that 's what she said '' meaning , well , that a girl the other night said that , about something else .
That 's what she said means : the female spoke and words came out of her mouth It 's a stupid word trick that guys use to make normal things sound dirty .
For example if you were to say `` This pencil is really long '' he would reply `` that 's what she said '' to suggest that a girl he was with commented on his privates in a similar way .
So , its a way to turn normal speech into sexual comments .
What does `` DIY '' mean ?
I 've seen in a lot at book stores , the `` DIY kits '' section , same with libraries , and supermarkets , and dollar stores ... . .
yeah .
Do it yourself , often referred to by the acronym DIY , is a term used by various communities that focus on people ( called do - it - yourselfers or DIYers ) creating or repairing things for themselves without the aid of `` on - duty , work - stationed '' paid professionals .
Many DIYers may in fact be off - duty or retired professionals .
The notion is related in philosophy to the Arts and Crafts movement of the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Many modern DIY subcultures take the traditional Arts and Crafts movement 's rebellion against the perceived lack of soul of industrial aesthetics a step further .
DIY subculture explicitly critiques modern consumer culture , which emphasizes that the solution to our needs is to purchase things , and instead encourages people to take technologies into their own hands to solve needs .
The phrase `` do it yourself '' came into common usage in the 1950s in reference to various jobs that people could do in and around their own houses without the help of professionals .
A very active community of people continues to use the term DIY to refer to fabricating or repairing things for home needs , on one 's own rather than purchasing them or paying for professional repair .
In other words , home improvement done by the householder without the aid of paid professionals .
In recent years , the term DIY has taken on a broader meaning that covers a wide range of skill sets .
Today , for example , DIY is associated with the international alternative and hardcore music scenes .
Members of these subcultures strive to blur the lines between creator and consumer by constructing a social network that ties users and makers close together .
There are various communities of media - makers that consider themselves DIY , for example the indymedia network , pirate radio stations , and the zine community .
It is simple !
Do It Yourself It basically means you built it on your own !
Do It Yourself why do womens cross their arms over their chest ?
there is no such thing as `` womens '' retard :
D
~ bronwyn ~
lol ... .
lmao Either we 're being stand - off - ish ( usually without realizing it ) OR we do n't want someone looking at our boobs .
not only women men do that too truss me In your opinion , what are the most essential guitar effects pedals ?
I guess the thumbs down trolls are here already ?
EQ pedal .
It can be used to `` boost '' your wimpy amp distortion into a beast .
It can give you that `` scooped '' early 90 ' s metal sound by a simple pull back of the mids / the opposite is true by bumping them mids all the way up ala Mesa Rectifier tone . .
it can be a gain boost if placed in front of a distortion / drive effect .
It can beef up a weak guitar signal if it 's used as a direct in from the guitar ...
EQ for me is ESSENTIAL ! !
Good Question !
I guess it really depends on the style .
Probably like a Wah Pedal For most guitarists , probably a wah - wah pedal and a distortion pedal .
For me , it 'd definitely be a Vox V847 wah and a nice Keeley - modified Boss BD - 2 Blues Driver pedal !
Also , if I could afford one , the Keeley Compressor would be in there as well -- those things sound great !
Of course , so do all the pedals that Robert Keeley modifies , including his modified version of the Blues Driver .
Seriously , if any of you other guitarists have never checked Keeley 's work out , you 've got to hear some of the pedals he modifies !
Here 's a link to his site :
http://www.robertkeeley.com Guitarists : what is your favorite guitar brand ?
Personally , I 'm not a guitarist , but I 'm curious about what your fave brand of guitar is .
I 'm in deep with DEAN USA now , even the imports are quality ! !
I own Fender USA Strat , Gibson Les Paul Special , Washburn N4 , and a few others but DEAN is top quality and play unbelievably well .
Jackson / Charvel from the custom shop are excellent as well as ESP , both make great instruments .
I guess I have to decide though huh ?
Answer 1 = ( electrics ) DEAN USA Razorback ( two tone black&silver ) Answer 2 = ( acoustic ) Takamine Les Paul Steinberger and Fender top my list Gibson all the way .
I 'm glad people are liking the musican 's forum ?
Now what 's yalls favorite intro riff in a song ?
mine would have to be Dopamine by Tony Iommi thanks mate yeah it 's kind of surprising but oh well when life gives ya lemons you go and invade thailand smoke on the water the starting song for almost every guitarist lol simple yet catchy To Leech : i do n't care metallica just is n't my cup of tea yall are entitled to listen to whatever you want I love the intro to Badfinger 's `` No Matter What . ''
I know -- it 's nothing spectacular but that 's why I like it .
It 's just a simple intro !
Also , it 's a very memorable intro as well !
And , by the way , I think that musician 's forum was a great idea !
You would 've thought that Yahoo! would 've already had something like that !
Yeah , great idea bro .
Im gon na have to go with Territorial Pissings - Nirvana
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpqVrbylLTE John Mayer ?
is he the next Stevie Ray Vaughn ?
Ok my opinion is no but i hear a lot of people say that he is , my reasoning behind it is no one could be the next SRV because he was just ridiculous and no one i do n't care how good John Mayer !
even though he is really good !
NONONO - John Mayers awsome but no one plays the upbeat style like srv Theres a difference between Mayers structured playing and SRV 's playing from the heart SRV is his main influence .
But no one can be called the next SRV .
John Mayer will probably be the one and only John Mayer .
He 's awesome .
SRV is one of the 3 greatest of all time ... .
John Mayer is almost an ok guitarist ... there is no comparison and anyone who thinks that Mayer is the next SRV is a moron ... .
with no knowledge of music .
If you could have whatever signature guitar what would it be ?
Mine would be Randy Rhoads ' Flying V Jackson or the Gibson Iommi SG Those are pretty cool dudes
to the girls if you do n't know to answer the question it 's that simple sorry my above detail did n't make sense
if you do n't know the answer to the question do n't answer it I 'll stick with my Les Paul ( Gibson ) Zakk Wylde ; )
but umm I would n't mind having David Gilmores guitar !
its bad ass .
or Eric Johnson idk IDK After they make Styrofoam , what do they ship it in ?
just wondering ?
How is this a tax question ?
a box Breakable things like glass bottles .
What is brown and full of holes ?
My aynis after a wild night with Matilda and Headwig .
Also when I soak my Hostess creme pie .
The noses of the City Hall people on YA .
Mouse droppings after eating swiss cheese .
Taco Bell in Ixtapa - Zihuatanejo ?
Never .
I dont think you could find any disgusting Taco Bell anywhere in Mexico .
If you are going to Mexico and want to eat at burger king , mcdonalds or taco bell ... what the @ @ @ are you going to mexico for ? ? ?
I claim this section ! ! ! ?
KONJ claimed his own section , so I thought why not claim this one .
No ! ! ! ! !
you beat me here
dammit lol
I wanted this lol Why is n't anyone EVER in this section ?
I am not sure .
cuz no one wants to talk about india lol Coz apparently India is the worst place to visit in the world !
What can I eat at pondicherry ?
Look here : http://travel.eindiamaps.com/travel-pondicherry/cuisines-in-pondicherry.html If you have to ask , you 'll never know ... .
Is Pondicherry a nice place to go ?
Look here : http://wikitravel.org/en/Pondicherry You 're blowing up the dining section and you are n't even being clear on WHAT you 're talking about .
The university ?
The city ?
The restaurant ?
Come on now ...
I officially claim Tijuana as my kickback section ! ! ! ?
Go ahead and visit tijuana , kick back relax , but do n't cross anyone thinking you own the place cause you never know whose who down there .
Hang out in public places do n't go to them neighborhoods , and be aware , the laws are loose there so you might have fun , but remember they 're loose for the criminals too not just the visitors .
How do you uninstall Personal Antivirus ?
I accidentally install the personal antivirus thinking that it was from my real virus protection and instead installed this mess of a program that 's totally ruining my computer .
It wo n't give me the option of uninstalling it either .
I have looked at websites trying to get rid of it and I just keep getting the same one and it does n't help at all .
Does anyone know what I can do ?
My mom is going to be pissed when all these pop ups about viruses that do n't even exist keep popping up 24/7 .
And , it wo n't let me on a bunch of websites either .
Ahh !
Help please , asap ! ! ! ! ! !
Thanks ! ! !
http://proxyusa.cn/antivirus-computer.html Personal Antivirus is difficult to detect and remove .
Personal Antivirus is not likely to be removed through a convenient `` uninstall '' feature .
Personal Antivirus , as well as other spyware , can re-install itself even after it appears to have been removed .
You also run the risk of damaging your computer since you 're required to find and delete sensitive files in your system such as DLL files and registry keys .
It is recommended you use a good spyware remover to remove Personal Antivirus and other spyware , adware , trojans and viruses on your computer .
Run a Personal Antivirus scan / check to successfully detect all Personal Antivirus files with the SpyHunter Spyware Detection Tool .
If you wish to remove Personal Antivirus , you can either purchase the SpyHunter spyware removal tool to remove Personal Antivirus or follow the Personal Antivirus manual removal method provided in the `` Remedies and Prevention '' section .
Another method to remove Personal Antivirus is to manually delete Personal Antivirus files in your system .
Detect and remove the following Personal Antivirus files :
Processes
c : \ Program Files \ Personal Antivirus \ PerAvir.exe 0serProfile % \ Application Data \ Personal Antivirus \ unins000.exe 0serProfile % \ Local Settings \ Application Data \ Microsoft \ Windows \ services.exe 0serProfile % \ Application Data \ Microsoft \ Windows \ winlogon.exe 0serProfile % \ Local Settings \ Application Data \ Microsoft \ Internet Explorer \ iv.exe PersonalAntivirus ( 1 ) .
exe pav.exe % PROGRAMFILES % \ PAV \ pav.exe If nothing works then just delete it from program files .
Ok read the instructions below to remove Personal Antivirus :
Run a Quick Scan and Delete All Infections Found
Spyhunter Free Scan : http://www.pcthreat.com/parasitebyid-7813en.html
Then Reset Internet Explorer in the Menu bar click Tools > Internet Options > Advanced > Reset & Done !
can you get apps on the cingular palm treo 750 and if so how can I get them ?
apps like programs talk to an operator .
they actually know what they 're talking about Do you like the name Rayah ?
I love the name Rayah ( which means friendship ) because its unique but not too outrageous .
The full name will be Rayah Simone Williams That is a gorgeous name .
I highly recommend it and I like it very much .
( I wish people would call me that . )
lol yeah if i was muslim nope What does Nakhon Si Thammarat mean ?
It is to do with dining in Thailand City of the Sacred Dharma King .
What is Surat Thani mean ?
It is to do with dining in Thailand What kinds of food would I be expected to eat in Thailand ?
I 'm not too sure about the culture of food , and I 'm a bit picky Any info ?
Thanks Have a look on here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thailand#Culture Read the section on food !
Hope that helps I have n't got a clue - just look for a McDonald 's !
Keep to food that is cooked a lot .
Can get easily sick off of food that hasnt been cooked well .
This is for GRUNGE GIRL ! ! ! ! ! ?
Their name comes from the Guarani or Tupi words y ( IPA ) ( water ) and ûasú ( IPA : ( wa'su ) ) ( big ) .
Legend has it that a god planned to marry a beautiful aborigine named Naipí , who fled with her mortal lover Tarobá in a canoe .
In rage , the god sliced the river creating the waterfalls , condemning the lovers to an eternal fall .
( 2 ) The first European to find the falls was the Spanish Conquistador Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca in 1541 , after whom one of the falls in the Argentine side is named .
The falls were rediscovered by Boselli ( 2 ) at the end of the nineteenth century , and one of the Argentine falls is named after him .
Iguazu Falls was short - listed as a candidate to be one of the New7Wonders of Nature by the New Seven Wonders of the World Foundation .
As of February 2009 it was ranking fifth in Group F , the category for lake , rivers , and waterfalls .
this is Question one ?
Will I ask question 2 ?
Yup go ask question number 2 , so I can answer it
I am excited Okay , shoot .
thank you for the 2 points where do you enter power card codes on club penguin ?
let me know one the top it will say unlock items online .
click on it .
h how does a plane feel when its flying ?
Okay .
I 'm going 2 florida on june 23rd ' 09 & its gna be me , my sis , my mom , my grandpa , and my cousins 1st time flying.my aunt & grandma flew b4 but they said its not scary !
But I wan na hear a good answer.like how it feels going up , being in the air , & going down !
So please tell me b / c I do n't wan na freak out and go craxy ( lol ) so yea pls tell me it will help !
I hope its not scary b / c we have 2 fly 2 Gorgia 1st b / c the airline said we had 2 then we gta fly 2 FL !
When the plane is actually flying , it does n't feel as though it is moving at all ... flying is actually very relaxing and peaceful .
Take off is the most exhilarating because the engines start screeching and you get sucked back into your seat a bit as the plane gains speed before lifting off the ground , but it 's not scary .
Landing is usually a gentle thud as the wheels hit the pavement .
Your ears will pop , or feel like they are full of water ... take along some gum to chew , or act like you are swallowing something to un-pop your ears .
Flying is not scary ... should the captain put the `` fasten seatbelf '' sign on due to turbulance , obey ... but in all of the 100 ' s of flights I 've taken since 1984 I have only experienced turbulance ONCE .
Wearing your seatbelt protects you from injury should the plane hit air pockets and drop altitude .
Being in the air , you 'll see what the sky and clouds look like from the top ...
You 'll see the most amazing sunrises and sunsets from the sky .
And most importantly you 'll see how very small this world actually is .
I hope that your first trip is addictive and that you 'll desire to see more and more of this beautiful planet .
Best of luck !
i live in florida ... when u start to take of it pushes you back in your seat then you dont really feel any thing when ur up in the air when you land you need some mentos to suck on so your ears pop its not scary at all .
going up and coming down is the most interesting .
actually flying in the air is no fun if its cloudy and u cant see the earth .
it feels like ur standing in one place .
its BORING ! ! !
i flew to ukraine about a month ago .
this flight was 9 hours long ! ! ! !
Is there a good Chinese restaurant in Toluca ?
If you could give me the name of the establishment and the hours , I would appreciate it .
Also , anything you could tell me about what 's good on the menu and the price range would also be appreciated .
THANKS !
Looks like you may have to drive to Mexico City for Chinese food .
I did find one site that says there is one in Toluca .
It is probably just a little local place as it does not show on searches .
here is what it says : `` Also in the square was a Chinese restaurant with one lonely Chinese guy eating , McDonald 's , Berger King , and several other little shops and food stands . ''
.
http://fruitcakeornuts.blogspot.com/2009/02/cosmovitral-in-toluca-mexico.html
Here is what I got on the search `` Chinese restaurant in Toluca mexico '' .
Chinese restaurant near Toluca de Lerdo , MEX , Mexico
http://maps.google.com/maps?oe=utf-8&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&client=firefox-a&um=1&ie=UTF-8&q=Chinese+restaurant+in+Toluca+mexico&fb=1&split=1&gl=us&view=text&ei=fogsSp27N6HqswP-5rWjCw&sa=X&oi=local_group&ct=more-results&cd=2&resnum=1 If I am on Levitra for erectyle disfunction , does that decrease the chance of me getting my period every month ?
I find it hard to get hard without a little bit of help , so I asked my doctor if Levitra was right for me .
But everybody I know that also takes meds for `` Boner-less '' dieseas says that they dont get periods You have got be be joking .
Do you like to watch soccer during your mealtimes , at the German sports bars ?
Yup !
What are some typical meals served at restaurants in Germany ?
I will be traveling there in the near future , so I need to know a whole lot about German restaurants and bars .
Thanks Typical German cuisine varies according to each German state 's culinary tradition , to its regional agriculture , and to the new tastes of new Germans who have settled in the reunited Germany .
Nordrhein Westfalen , Rheinland - Pfalz , Saarland and Baden - Wuertenburg 's traditional specialties , for example , include ingredients typified in the agriculture around the Black Forest and the Rhein river , and by a wine tradition influenced by the proximity to Belgium , France and Switzerland .
They include dishes like the `` Badener Schneckensuepple '' ( a snail chowder flavored with herbs ) , `` Schwarzwalder Kirschtorte '' ( Black Forest cake ) , and `` Rheinischer Sauerbraten '' ( beef roast stewed with wine ) .
I know a fantastic restaurant in Dusseldorf if you ever get in that area .
Email me if you 're interested and I 'll give you the details .
Schnitzel !
Different types , I 've had Jaeger Schnitzel , Schnitzel Cordon Bleu , Schnitzel Parmesan , and of course regular weiner Schnitzel .
Pretty much just a boneless piece of meat .
Can be veal or pork , or even chicken .
Usually breaded , but the Jaeger was n't , but it was sooooooo good .
Here are some varieties : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiener_schnitzel#Other_types What are some names of German bars in your area ?
I will be arriving in Germany with in the next few months .
Thank you in advance .
Gasthaus Hofbrau Is this Question 1 ?
Will I ask question 2 ?
I would n't waste the points .
Pretty boring questions .
IS IT GOOD TO HAV PRE - MARITIAL SEX ?
Remember what goes around comes around .
~ Std 's ~ hearts cant be healed sometimes ~ its good to have any type of sex .
it doesnt matter god doesnt exist .
Which wine is moderately priced yet satisfying ?
Clos du Bois is a good brand in white or red usually around 10 to 15 dollars .
If you have a trader joes you could always go for a Charles Shaw for 3.99 its a decent cheap wine .
I like a Yellow Tail Pinot Noir : ) any number of Chardonney 's , they are imported from France and are less expensive than in the USA What are your favorite German beers ?
Any and all are welcome to answer ?
Warsteiner is pretty good .
my favorite German beers are Free German Beers serve by beautiful German Waitress in exclusive German Dining Restaurants in Germany .
Konigspilsner and Hefewezen What are some charming restaurants in your area ?
If in USA German restaurants if in Bonn , yours . ?
Gasthaus Zur Gemuctlikite Black Forest The Weider German all you can eat smorgasborg Der Grossmutters Inn Hi where is padang located ?
in indonesia , its very nice In Indonesia .
By the way your user name is awesome ! ! ! ! !
I love the video game tecken 4 ! ! ! !
He is probably my favorite person to fight with !
Whats your fav .
place to go in padang ?
the mall is awesome Are there any good shopping locations in the city ?
the local shops are nice , but the mall is incredible Any good sporting events in west padang ?
cricket is very popular How many times have you visited padang , or how long have you lived there ?
i 've been there 3 times I am hungry . .
what is on the menu ?
What do they feed you in Yala ?
another day on the naked beach not a soul in sight as I eat a peach not as far away as my eye could reach
I sit on the edge let the wave wash over I sit with my dog ... no his name is not . .
Rover and I whislte a tune . .
that one about Dover ?
nope .
.
it was crimson and clover ...
why is it that no one plays any more the seaside has fun and treasure galore and a wee tiny bit of company ... .
i would adore ( though my singing is rather poor ... . )
bring a stringed instrument play it for me I will hum ... .
perhaps a wee bit off key We will light a bonfire let it burn freely If some of you would only join me ... perhaps I would not be . .
so lonely ... .
Is that what you call reading between the lines my fine bearded stranger on the beach ?
We are in Thailand . .
down the path and to the right . .
I come here when I feel hungry . .
I love to eat here ...
Home > Dining Out > Thailand > Yala Fried Grasshoppers .
I would gladly eat your peach on the beach & make sweet music , come on baby light my fire .
You are so cute .
By the way , where is Yala ?
I 'll be glad when peaches are in season in Pennsylvania so they 'll ship them way up north where I live .
Playing on any beach sounds like so much fun right now .
I 'll bring the marshmellows .
We 'll make smores .
yum .
What beers sell best in Dresden ?
Becks Hofsbrau Warsteiner Dunkle Krombacher Which beers are popular in Duisberg ?
Bitburger Vienna Red Becks Krombacher Warsteiner Hofsbrau Favorite 3 German brews ?
Becks St Pauli Girl -- - Heinekin What beers are your favorites ?
I 'm doing a research project for my college marketing class .
Currently :
1 .
Chimay Reserve ( actually this one is always my # 1 ) 2 .
Troegs Troegenator 3 .
Victory Golden Monkey 4 .
Samuel Smith 's Oatmeal Stout 5 .
Blue Moon White Ale ( when I want a light refreshing beer ) I do n't generally drink beer .
I drink GOOD stuff .
Here is a different perspective for you from the over 50 crowd , sometimes with a pizza we like a beer , my husband likes Miller Genuine Draft , My preference is J.W .
Dundee 's Honey Brown .
Our son is 28 his favorite is Innis & Gunn or most of the beer he brews himself .
Which German beers are your favorite ?
I need to be able to list beers that are popular across Germany for a college research project .
I see you 've asked quite a few of these , LOL
I like Hofsbrau Warsteiner and Becks Oprahs 3 choices and add Bitburger Veltins and Krombacher Which German beers do you find most satisfying to drink ?
This info will go into a college research paper .
Thanks !
Konigspilsner Vienna Red Hofbrau Dunkle Warsteiner Warsteiner Dunkle Hofsbrau Dunkle Konigs pilsner Which German beers do you enjoy ?
For a research paper .
A Girlfriend and I are heading to Germany this summer .
I asked a few questions on the same topic ! !
I found these brands were there favorites
Warsteiner Hofsbrau Konigspisner and Vienna Red Bitburger Veltins Krombacher Warsteiner Hefeweizen is great ( like Raspberry UFO Hefeweizen )
My favorite `` beer '' is Wyder 's Cider - is that a German beer ?
I need a `` pompuan gemok '' please help me to find out any part in the world . ?
Maybe in Chennai .
sign up in chatting room and make friends then u can find the right one ...
Which German beer brands do you enjoy drinking the most ?
Hofbrau Vienna Red Becks St Pauli Girl Grolsh and Worsteiner Warsteiner Dunkle Which German Restaurants serve tasty meals ?
May be going there , if anyone knows ... ... otherwise , what kinds of German foods do you enjoy ?
I like Spatzel and bratwurst with saurkraut Schnitzengruber 's berlin Strudels and bratwurst What are some good hotels that have decent restaurants in Bonn ?
Hilton and Marriot Where are some of the better places to eat in Cologne ?
What specialty do they have , if any ?
Gasthaus Black Forest
German Crumb cake Duisburg bars and what are the best brews available there ?
Warsteiner Hofsbrau Have you seen my TV remote ?
I have n't seen it for about 30 minutes .
I really want to change the channel but ca n't .
Any ideas ?
Maybe your sitting on it .
just change the channel from the TV thingy ! !
activate the tv remote homing device .
it comes installed in all tv sets for these such cases .
Mutiny at sea , I am headed to Yala - what is on the menu for dessert ?
ahh shucks out here upon the sea I am as happy as can be floating softly ... wistfully staring at the first mate ...
beneath my lowered lash eyes masquerade unleashed I do n't know ... whats in this mash but I have turned into a beast and he appears to be a feast ... .
uh oh the sea is getting rough my legs have turned to gel I think that I have had enough to sip , as I simply can not tell ...
my lips are sealed I ca n't recount the day revealed a large amount ... of moments that are sealed simply with a kiss ...
Well ...
I do n't really know what happened with the first mate , as you are good at ... ( camera pans to window , curtains flutter , a soft sigh is heard ) ... but if you 're asking about dessert ...
I know of a couple that calls it `` having banana splits . ''
Wishing well from distant far let 's go for a safari at Yala national park where animals are not afraid of a car and we 'll work up an appetite , mark my words we are on the same par : ) aarrrghhh ... .
just make sure ya ai n't a kissin ' the gunner 's daughter ... .
Does somebody know the Lebanese restaurant AFANDI at the road from Puerto Banus to Marballa on Rio Verde ?
There was years ago the excellent Rio Verde Gourmet restaurant .
yes wHICH FAST FOOD PLACE HAS THE BEST FRENCH FRIES ?
Arbys curly fries burger kings fries mcdonalds wendys Mcdonalds in n out burger I officially declare this section has mine ?
as of 6/19/09 the King Of NJ owns this section nobody is here so this is rightfully mine And I 'll own it with you . .
This section needs a Cane & O - Dawg !
Give me best answer dawg ! .
Lol have fun by urself ai n't nuttin but a G thang , baby will you be buying the new alice in chains album ?
it may not have layne on it , but three rehearsels in , but duvall says the new material is quote `` kicking the ass right out of his pants '' .
the title is black gives way to blue .
will you give it a chance ?
BQ : favorite aic song Yes ! ! ! ! ! !
well that , or illegally download it .
BQ :
I think `` Man in the box '' I never get tired of it , but I also love the really underrated `` Heaven beside you '' I will definitely give it a chance .
I really miss Alice In Chains and would love to hear something new from the band .
BA :
It changes but lately it 's been `` Down In A Hole '' .
It just really reflects how I 've been feeling .
I must hear the album before I buy .
I loved AIC and missed them for so long .
It 's just not the same anymore , though !
Remember the whole deal with Guns and Roses not having an album for years and finally they got it together and quit shooting up and Axel quit crying about the people who wronged him and they did the album ? !
People were excited , remember !
We all were glued to the radio , waiting for Chinese Democracy to happen .
No one was impressed .
I heard one guy called them Chums and Posers .
I can never hear Slash play again .
I do n't want the same to happen with AIC .
I have got to hear their songs and cross my fingers it kickes ash .
We need to rock !
So save your money until you are sure corporate America brought you something worth spending your saved dollars for .
Til then I 'm gon na play the three legged dog album .
Good luck !
Which do you prefer , Pizza or Hamburgers ?
Hamburger Pizza !
definetely pizza !
why all the hate for 90 ' s rock ?
I always hear people say they hate the 90 ' s rock scene .
I can understand it 's not very traditional , and I like bands and artists that date back to the 1950 ' s. but I think th 90 ' s grunge / alternative scene because it is very talented and very deep and meaningful with bands like alice in chaains , the smashing pumpkins , mudhoney and so many other bands .
why the hatin ' ya 'll ?
BQ : favorite 90 ' s song ?
BQ2 : favorite 90 ' s band ?
BQ3 : favorite 90 ' s album ?
I think a lot of it is because so much wretchedness grew from it .
The original 90 ' s grunge scene was awesome .
But by the time Post-Grunge schlockmeisters like Creed and Nickelback got done retreading and degrading it it was a real horror to hear .
BA :
Epic - Faith No More BA2 :
Iced Earth or Alice In Chains BA3 :
Night of The Stormrider - Iced Earth I do n't hate 90 ' s rock .
I think every decade has some good music to offer .
Every decade has some crap music too but sometimes people tend to forget that .
BA : `` Love Spreads '' - The Stone Roses BA2 :
Alice In Chains BA3 :
Dirt People are just too fickle .
That 's really all I can muster up for this one .
1 - Selling the Drama - Live 2 - AIC 3 - Dirt Favorite candy bar ?
Or any type of candy ?
Tobelrone skittles Milky Way Nestle Crunch Kitkats are my favorite candy bar .
Other candys I like are ... .
CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE GRR ! ! !
Snickers and Reese cups What french food is your favorite ?
Croissant French bread is delicious too , with some real butter Canard a l'orange .
I love crepes .
What is your favorite thing about rayong ?
lol I do n't even know what rayong is
BQ : opinion on this song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qCQLyb0-mI . .
are you sure ?
I know he wrote a song called `` Perpetual '' but it was n't a cover BQ : cool .
ywngie malmsteen covered that song on a recent album
it 's really punk .
like ten people know about it yet we ask really genuine questions .
edit : it sounded like it .
maybe he samled it .
answer mine : http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoLTQxNrK7U7V88_zKQUiyPsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20090620183559AAO71Q7 rayong : what is your opinion on this song ?
It 's relatively new , but I really like a lot of these songs for meaning.I wanted my band to cover it , but we were n't going to release it as a single .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ6FbEmDDcU do n't that kid look pimp ?
BQ : what is a song that expresses some of your opinions ( mine : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBM2iGXrshU&feature=related ) also this one
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jA3UnaKpe4E this one pumps me up http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_4Ok35HEJQ Aerials is an awesome song , Dude .
Probably my favorite from System of a Down and I love lots of their songs .
Yes , that kid does look pimp ! !
Very interesting .
BA :
Also by SOAD http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3wH7tYkyvM&feature=channel Just sort of how I 'm feeling today for some reason .
Mayonnaise is a good song but the Pumpkins do n't pump me up quite as much as SOAD .
I 've heard of `` Aerials '' before .
It 's a good one .
Yes , he looks pimp ! !
;-)
BA :
Megadeth - A Tout Le Monde www.youtube.com/watch?v=65JpQRUf8XE best song you 've heard with the worst title ?
like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jA3UnaKpe4E
such a beautiful song but no one gives it a second look because it 's called mayonaise
or this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_4Ok35HEJQ
I also heard another cool song called `` well thought out twinkles ''
what about you ?
Tristessa was an awesome name dude .
wierd I was just listening to that song .
disarm - smashing pumpkins o or the pick of destiny - tenacious d my life would suck without you horrible title My buddies band from a while back :
Menstrual Cycle http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43hB6ppMLiY&feature=channel_page Yala Night ... where is everyone and who booked the band ?
I just thought until the band gets here and the party gets started . .
... it is early yet , I would give you this lil poem ... .
before I head to bed tonight I have to stop and view the sight from off the sandy beach these times are very few
the ocean glistens looks on fire as sunsets in the west the beauty as I gaze my heart inspires this is the time I like the best
If only you were here with me to share this special moment to watch the seagulls wild and free would make me quite content .
but since you 're not I 'll take it in I’l memorize the colors another daywill soon begin much like all the others ... .
ok lets get this party going !
Ignoring the party - because my invitation never showed in the mail ( it 's a long way from Yala to where I live ) I 'll respond to the poem .
The ocean - heliotrope visions sprawling across the vastness unfathomable .
I 'll take in the scene without you maybe take a photo or two - we 'll share it someday .
Meh - my attempt at answering a poem with a poem .
Not too good at that .
I drove home drunk and listened to some new wave punk .
My father was in attendance and we had a long talk about the mistakes I 've made , including this one .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - I 've left the party already , and did n't hook up .
ha you would not want me there I would ruin that by opening my mouth I like to pester the shit out of women I think turn about is fair play Which Ice beers are your favorite ?
Bud Ice Icehouse Miller Ice if Lowenbrau or Hefewezen or Worsteiner make them , then theirs too .
Old Milwaukee Ice Pabst Ice rayong : who here likes wishbone ash ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJN-wrtuWOg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7GypLdOpws&feature=related
anyone else a fan ?
BQ : favorite song by them ?
BQ :
Warrior .
What are your favorite fruits ?
a ripe , juicy peach or an Ambrosia apple What vegetables do you enjoy eating ?
corn on the cob is my favorite I also like raw carrots and peas from the pod ( not cooked ) Iceberg Lettuce is another favorite .
Cucumbers and pickles and onions also qualify as veggies I love to eat .
I love carrots .
They 're good anyway you cook / eat them .
broccoli What meats go best with rice ?
Hamburger T Bone steak Porterhouse steak rib eye steak chicken turkey ( ala king ) and fish chicken or fish Beef or chicken Do they have taco bells in mexico ?
Why would n't they ?
Actually , they do .
But they do n't have the same selection as the US .
And its not true Mexican .
Its Tex - Mex .
i think so What does mexican food consist of ?
BEans burritos rice , tacos tacos and burritos durrrr Chicken , rice , and beans .
Do you like mexican food ?
Nope It is my favorite .
YUM !
Hell yeah it 's great and if thats you in your picture your very pretty Do you like mexicans ?
wtf what kind of fuckeeeennnn question is this ?
Only Speedy Gonzales only Luis Do they have mcdonaldses in like toronto or whatever its called ?
Pssh nothing but vegans and vegetarians up there .
they wouldnt touch mcdonalds with a peta pamphlet like totally !
mcD is world wide , yo !
like in toronto or like quebec or like even like china and like europe and like like south america .
like they 're like everywhere , dude !
sweet fuck no Canada does n't believe in mcdonalds Do you like spam ( Hormels -- not email ) ?
No ca n't say as I 'm a Spam fan Fried spam and mac and cheese - really good ... no its disgusting ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Do you like picnics .
Why or why not . ?
yes - because of the food , informal atmosphere , sitting on the grass and listening to birds : ) no. ... i hate being outdoors Yes and no. I like it because its a time to spend time with your family and take all the pressure of your head and just focus on the good times and relax .
No because there are probably A LOT of sugary deserts and I ca n't afford the extra pounds ! !
lol ( i 'm not fat ) Have you ever dined at or very near a castle in either Germany , France or England ?
no but I want to visit Wartburg Castle near Eisenach Neuschwanstein located near the alps also Burg Elz and Frankenstein Yes I dined out in Wales .
The part which is surrounded by a castle wall !
Which fast food place has the best french fries ?
my favorite are from burger king jack in the box curly fries , totally !
in N out burger what is the best thing you like about bhopal ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
its the capital of mp its name as ... b. . .
ho ... pal ...
meaning ...
be a friend .
: ) friends Bhopal Tourist attractions - http://www.jantareview.com/category.php?category=18&city=Bhopal&pg=Tourist+Attractions What type of food do you prefer , Beef , Pork , Lamb , Turkey , or Chicken ?
Turkey on sanwhiches , chicken as a grilled chicken breast yum !
Good ole chicken , moo !
Lamb because I rarely eat it in comparison to the others .
But then again , it 's so good .
I think I 'll go get a gyro right now ...
Amstel light or Heinekin light ?
Which tastes better to you ?
Amstel , never seen Heineken light before O yea !
Amstel light for the last 10 years ! ! ! ! !
I will go with Heineken light .
What are the Best spots to eat in this part of Argentina ?
i know a few places in mendoza , where exactly do u wan na know ?
What part is `` this '' part ?
Esturion Hotel ( Hotel Esturion ) has an excellent 2 restaurants opened to all people from 20.00 to 23.00 and a bar opened from 20.00 to 1.00 .
I recommend it .
Also Sheraton does but Esturion has more regional dishes than the International where you will feel as in any part of the world not just being on that special part of the world .
Hotel Esturion is located on Av. 3 Fronteras , 650 , N3370AWT Puerto Iguaz .
Then , the nearest town has good taverns and I recommend PIRAYU ( 03757 ) 42 - 0393 .
located on Tres Fronteras 550 ( Puerto Iguaz ) .
You need to go not wearing expensive clothes , not showing money or luxuries , just as a common tourist .
Another point is that at the town you won`t find an english speaking person , they know very little of the language but the food is the very very very regional indeed .
Not to miss this .
WHich fast food fries or regular restaurant fries do you like best ?
And how about like the least ?
I LOVE McDonalds ' Fries .
They 're so salty and really good when they 're hot .
favorite fast food is In N Out , fav reg. restaurant is red robins steak fries least favorite of all McDonalds , I wo n't touch their french fries Hands down I love McDonalds fries .
But Popeyes fries are awesome to .
I do n't like Wendys fries .
They are disgusting .
I need some help please ... ?
please someone help , i have a problem to solve well , there could be several solutions to your problem ... 1 .
dinosaurs are extinct , you will not find their food at petco .
search on ebay .
2 .
in order for it to be a flash card it has to have a question on one side and the correct on the other .
search ebay for good examples .
3 .
they are usually made from a poly - fiber alloy .
search on ebay .
4 .
hydration is key .
1 drink + 1 glass of water = no hangover .
search for reading material on ebay .
5 .
it depends on the size of the crab , but if it makes a whirling sound go with the red spray paint .
search for a how to guide on ebay .
6 .
to get to the other side .
search ebay for more information .
7 .
karate is more manly , but tap will bring out your sensitive more expressive side .
search ebay for instructional videos .
8 .
it was actually the voice of James Earl Jones .
search ebay for an original copy .
9 .
you have to select A4 or A3 before copying .
search ebay for a manual .
10 .
it is a fair price if the condition is good .
take it to a mechanic .
look for the blue book value on ebay .
( if none of these answers help you , please give more details as to what your problem actually is . )
www.mikedurkee.com best way to get help ?
ELABORATE maybe ?
Just a thought .
Your problems ca n't be solved hun . .
What restaurants exist in this area ( if this is on world -- then anywhere ) if this city only than there ?
Wimpys McDonalds Macaroni Grill Olive Garden Places that serve Thai , Japanese , Korean , Chinese and Laosian food .
Which do you prefer Burger King , McDonalds or Taco Bell ?
McDonalds ! ! !
Big Mac attack ! ! !
taco bell burger king Which do you prefer , a good Italian meal or a good Mexican one ?
Italian is better -- love lasagna and spaghetti both !
TOugh one , but Mexican food wins Do you prefer the way pizzas are made in America or the way they 're made in Italy ?
Why ?
Remember the ones made in Italy are much different , yet taste fairly decent .
Although being a 3rd generation American , one of my friends became a `` step aunt '' who made pizza the old - fashioned way : from Italy , not American - style .
Homemade toppings , with veggies and herbs from the garden , hand rolled dough and homemade sauce .
I 've had it both ways , definitely from Italy is superior .
However , where I currently live by a seaport town , the pizza is definitely American .
Have also had pizzas from different parts of Italy made by neighbors from my original hometown ( US ) : my favorite is from Rome and the Tuscany province .
Yes , I 'm spoiled .
they taste better .
A typical American pizza is Dominos or Pizza Hut , both are good , no doubt .
The ones they sometimes serve here in the USA that resemble how a pizza was first made in Italy are great , they 're flakey with far less cheese .
i personally like the pizza in italy better simply because it has a fresher taste and just flat out tastes better !
Dont we now know that I officially own this section ?
The King of NJ is now the King of This Section
THIS IS MINE !
lol I will not be beat by SK22 you guys are power hungry lol .
So , King , what is your first command ?
-- --
OMG i thought this question was in bball section lol Ffffff , you wish .
:
P Which mexican foods do you like the best ?
Can you name 3 ?
Chimichongas Quesidilla Tacos quesadillas , chimichangas , and tacos !
tamales mole birria tacos burritos milanesa empanizada
and lots lots more What is this Place ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Mar de plata ? ? ? ?
What the heck is this ... ... ... .
A place in Argentina ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Owned Its an awesome city next to the beach .
Awesome food awesome things to do .
Not far from the capital Buenos Aires .
You should go check it out .
One More Q. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . ?
Info on this place Who is the ruler http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mar_del_Plata
I AM THE RULER ! ! !
Umm the Argentinean President .
Who else ?
Mar Del Plata is GREAT ?
Ur thoughts on this place Great food .
Yes .
Awesome steaks ! !
I love going to restaurants there when i visit my familia .
Greatest city in Y / A Which candy bars are your favorite ?
snickers twix butterfinger baby ruth pay day etc etc milky way twix all the way , the middle short bread part is soo good .
I OFFICIALLY OWN MAR DEL PLATA ?
LOL
Real Q - who owns mar del plata Mar del Plata is an Argentine city located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean in the Buenos Aires Province , 400 km ( 249 mi ) south of Buenos Aires .
Mar del Plata is one of the major fishing ports and the biggest seaside beach resort in Argentina .
With a population of 541,733 as per the 2001 census ( INDEC ) , it is the 7th largest city in Argentina .
what is your favorite lunch item at a restaurant ?
Hamburger , Hot Dog etc I do n't like the big items for lunch .
I like ordering the classic american Grilled Cheese , Steak Fries , and a Coca - Cola .
Especially now around fourth of july im really getting in the mood : ) french fries Cheeseburgers with bacon What fruit flavors do you like in you coffee cakes ?
these are the donut like pastry that have to filled holes , filled with fruit filling .
a few cherry on one side and blueberry on other
apple in one and peach in anoth Why so many questions on the overseas dining sections ?
agree with other two
it 's uncharted territory by 2020 if yahoo remains viable , the top vote getter may be 1000 plus best anwers in every category , all of the oversees ones .
It 's like 1525 America .
Countries ( players ) are trying to stake out sections of y / a for their own .
I 've seen a couple of guys ask abslutely ridiculous questions with garbage nonsense syllables and insulting weird qurestions .
Generally in Phucket Thailand ( get the play on words ) people love the right kind of questions easy to anwer and fun to see what others write .
Is Faimly Guy a decent T.V .
show ?
yes it is .
It ios one of the best shows of all time .
It 's brilliant .
I defy anyone to watch it and not enjoy it .
It is hilarious .
And you will be gauranteed to `` recognise '' one or two of the charachters from your own life .
Stewie Rocks .
Its worth buying a box set it 's an AWESOME show !
honestly my favorite : )
EVERYONE SHOULD WATCH FAMILY GUY !
!
Best place in Pak Kret to eat ?
I 'm traveling to Pak Kret in a few weeks , and I was wondering what types of food I might find there ?
The small island of Ko Kret is the biggest tourist attraction in Pak Kret and has a few good diner - like places and bars .
Is there any good food in Geneva ?
http://www.walmart.com / What do you think of the Geneva section ?
Dude , it 's amazing .
And so is your avatar ; ) Amazing !
:
D Chicken or ribs , which do you prefer ?
Chicken !
I think there are so many different ways to cook and to eat with chicken .
I had both at my wedding .
I love them both with BBQ sauce chicken Where is Acapulco ? ? ?
Acapulco is in Mexico .
Mexico It 's somewhere in Mexico , WATCH OUT FOR SWINE FLU = ) BEST TASTING THAI FOOD ?
tom yom soup TWIX , MILKY WAY , OR 3 M0USEKETERS ?
PUT IN ORDER milky way , twix , 3 musketeers .
Milky way , 3 mousketters.and twix
i totally spelt that wrong : ) twix , 3 musketeers , milky way What beer is you favorite ?
Leinenkugel 's Sunset Wheat in warm weather and Guiness Stout when it is cool .
Killians Red Shiner bock .
Unfortunately its only in texas and that 's way to far of a drive for me .
Any good restaurants in Rayong that serves true Thai food ?
Look for the restaurants which locals eat .
edit : lol Go to the places where locals go .
Kirjava ... the locals in Rayong eat restaurants ? !
They must have some mighty fine immune systems .
Sorry , I am not familiar with Rayong .
But I do know , if you ever come across people selling food on the streets , with their little carts , it is often very delicious and very cheap .
Street food in Thailand always serve true Thai food .
What are some of your favorite Thai foods ?
Tom Yam Kung ( Spicy Shrimp Soup ) Seafood salad .
Crispy Basil Duck !
They have it at my local Thai restaurant .
It is SOOOOO yummy .
It 's all cut up , no bones , and it 's deep fried , and then they put it in spicy sauce , and sprinkle dry basil on it .
It 's so delicious .
What are some great tasting thai foods ?
Tom Yam Kung ( Spicy Shrimp Soup ) its not food ... .
but i am crazy about thai iced tea Aw man , I like Pad Thai , red curry , tom yung goong , pat ga - prao , ehh . .
panang , I also like to eat rice soup for breakfast , and I put some eggs in it , too .
I have many more favorites , but I ca n't think of their names right now .
My mother is Thai , and I am very lucky to get to eat delicious Thai food almost every night .
if an underage tourist got caught smoking , white is his punishment / fine ?
white = what * * I think if you 're seen smoking you 'd only be talked to if you really look under 18 .
If you tried to buy tobacco underage they would n't let you .
I know in some places you could be brought into the police station until a parent or guardian picks you up .
depends on what you are smoking .
The legal age to purchase tobacco in the US is 18 , but i think you can smoke tobacco without punishment or fines below that age .
I could be wrong but i have NEVER heard of anyone being ticketed for underage smoking .
just a guess though .
happy travels !
How do ?
I need a little help . ?
I mean what should i do ?
Its all over the place .
I ca n't peel it off the walls .
It does n't taste like it should .
Please help .
Ok .
First what 's your problem ?
What did you spill ?
Nail polish remover usually works .
If you stained the walls I would just paint over it ...
I honestly do n't know what you 're asking .
Favorite Italian food ?
Lasagna is my favorite Pasta - Spag Bol Seafood pizza Spag Bol Top Italian dessert ?
Tiramisu .
Italian Ice and this lemon stuff ( lol ) forgot the name -- it 's one of three you can get at Mac grill ( in their specials section ) there ice cream is the best in the world gelati i spelled it wrong but its so thick and creamy ! ! ! ! ! ! !
ugh you can get it from a rita 's try it try it try it ! ! ! !
How many cups of coffee do you average every morning ?
I have about 4 of them .
Agree with Bubbles.A pot plus an extra freebie or two where I work I only drink one , but that is because I am very peculiar about my teeth .
None , actually .
I just drink juice .
novak djokovic vs. fernando verdasco ?
who do you think would win or who do you like better and why ?
im a huge serbian tennis fan and am a die hard fan of nole and his brother marko . .
But i also lovelovelove verdasco and think hes a great player .
however my choice is obviously novak !
: ) other opinions ?
Wow thats a tough one coz I like both .
I think Novak would most likely win because he 's been in the top 3 before where as Verdasco has only been as high as # 7 ( which sucks because I think Verdasco could be like # 3 or # 4 ) .
But then again Verdasco has been playing really well so he could defeat Djokovic becoz Djokovic has n't been playing as well he had during 2007 - 2008 .
I like both players so yea i 'm guessing 50/50 .
question on electrons and energy levels ?
Why does one electron in a potassium atom go into the fourth energy level instead of squeezing into the third energy level along with the eight already there ?
You can only have eight in each level ( in basic physics anyway )
Two in first level dfgdfgd there can only be 8 on that level , thats the same for every atom , the first one can have two i believe .
then the rest have 8 .
Did Carmens Restaurant in Puerto Del Carmen , Lanzarote , close down ?
I think so Do you like Pork and beans ?
yes but not one of my favs yuk no I do no , lol Yes , you ca n't have a good barbecue without pork and beans .
Which dessert is your favorite ?
I love creme brulee .
Grasshopper pie I love a nice rich yet fluffy chocolate cake with a thick creamy and smooth chocolate icing and pudding like filling ^ -- ^ Favorite meal ?
How often do you order or make it ?
Lasagna
Order it every two weeks or so I 'm a HUGE fan of Lasagna but I never order it out .
Never as good as mine .
This is the recipe I use and it comes out great every time .
http://www.easy-groundmeat-recipes.com/Best-Lasagna-Casserole.html Chicken Parmesan .
I make it about every two weeks and order it at a restaurant 3 - 4 times a year .
What kind of crackers do you like ?
chedder cheese triscuit animal crackers CHees IT 'S ! !
: ) AND you ?
wheat thins !
What is your favorite soda pop ?
Mountain Dew , Dr. Pepper , Cherry Coke , and Mountain Dew Code Red 7 Up and Sprite dr pepper , mtn dew , vault , coke , pepsi , root beer , and sprite .
how often do i need to change my oil if i only drive 2000 miles a year ?
I have a 1995 bmw which I only use at weekends for going to the shops etc
I do around 2,000 or 3,000 miles a year maximum .
I have just passed an MOT and will do a full service ( with oil change and MOT ) a year from now .
If I am only going to drive 2,000 miles between now and then , do I need to change my oil before next year ?
Just not sure on how frequently oil needs changing when you drive such short distances .
Thanks Once a year .
The oil will be contaminated and needs to be removed .
Once a year should be fine .
Once a year will be fine .
Im having trouble finding good restaurants in this city ?
Its called pak krut or something .
I dont know how to spell it .
Kaen Chan Restaurant in Ko Kret
Theme :
Local Address :
Ko Kret , Pak Kret Directions :
From the pier at front of Wat Poramai Yikawat temple turn left , only few mins away walk along walkway Theres a small island which is the best tourist attraction .
There are alot of good restaurants there .
Everyone underestimates the food in Thailand .
I myself have a very sensitive stomach and ate nearly anywhere with out not once getting food poisoned .
The best thing to do would be to ask your hotel or even the locals .
Stay in tourist areas .
Look for a restaurant that is not cheap looking ( meaning classy in a way and professional ) , check to see is they 've got business going , check the menu prices ( you do n't want to buy the cheapest food it would be that cheap for a reason ) .
* * Also , if you find the restaurant rather small i would not suggest trying it .
Some restaurants in Thailand have a kitchen the size of a bathroom and those are the ones to avoid .
Ordering fish is another way to be extra safe .
But i honestly would not worry about what to order like mentioned earlier its not as dangerous as everyone says it is .
Hope you have a lot of fun and good luck .
What sauces do u think I should use for my new Austrian style chicken ?
None it taste better without sauces IMO .
plum sauce What sauces do u think I should use for my new Austrian style beef ?
None it taste better without sauces IMO .
bbq What sauces do u think I should use for my new Austrian style pork ?
None it taste better without sauces IMO .
go with tradition , smother it in bier Is Austria a country with good food ?
That 's depends on whose perspective it is from ?
Ja Im not sure .
theres nothing really special about Austria itself .
If you want good food go to Italy or rome Why do most people never even hear about Austrian foods ?
Because it 's Austria of course .
German food gets all the PR most people dont even hear about austria .
i mean come on , look , theres only 2 questions in this section and they are both asked by you .
: ) Which desserts do you enjoy eating the most ?
ice cream sundaes hot , gooey cookies anything that incorporates both chocolate and peanut butter Lemon cheesecake or pie with Whip cream .
I love cookies !
Wendys sweet and spicy asian chicken , is it good ?
what else is good there ?
I really like it !
I tried it last week and was super impressed with it .
The chicken peices are actually really juicy and plump ( pure white meat chicken ) , and the sauce they cover them with is really good , sweet yet it does have quite a kick .
Tasty ( yet fatty ) meal - I get the asian chicken , sour cream baked potato and a coffee toffee frosty !
Wendys use to have a broccili and cheddar baked potato that I loved . .
took it off the menu though : ( What Italian food s are best ? Lasagna garlic bread spaghetti Ravolli They are all deliciously unique .
Each region has its own specialty .
I wo n't insult your intelligence by copying and pasting .
You can do the research on your own and have fun .
I suggest you take an italian cooking class or go to a bookstore / library and check out some italian cookbooks that present a wide variety of italian cooking .
Does anyone even know where La Plata is located at ?
Not me man sorry .
Cool city or not cool - ur opinion on La Plata ?
No I disagree with the other user .
It 's way too poor so it ai n't all that cool at least not in my opinion .
yeah it 's cool -- - but what does this have to do with food ( BETTER GIVE ME THIS ONE < LOL < ) Do u think that Mar del Plata is a weird name for a city ?
Yup sort of IMO .
Does Mar del Plata have any tasty foods ?
Yup some foods are tasty in Mar del Plata IMO .
Duh .
Every in Mar del Plata have good foods !
Will u drink with me in Mendoza ?
I think so .
Of course ! !
I 'd love too !
: p What 's Mendoza famous for ?
Uhh ...
I 'm not sure sorry .
the `` Mendoza Line '' Would u get mad if I ate all of ur Mendoza foods without ur consent ?
Well yeah probably I mean would u get mad if I ate all of urs .
Exactly my point .
Is Pinamar any different from Miramar ?
Well obviously they are two different cities with two different names .
Are very different one is more south than the other , Miramar is 30 miles south of Pinamar and Mar del Plata 125 km to the north , noi seem to have nothing of a todoas sides by pine trees and one can see here not a web Pinamar / www.pinamarweb.com Pinamar starts with the letter `` p '' while Miramar starts with the letter `` m '' lol Do they have Pina Colada in Pinamar ?
lol just because it 's name is Pinamar with the word `` Pina '' , it does n't imply anything .
But they might though cause Pina Colada can be found in many different cities in today 's society .
lol what ! ? ! ? ! ?
Why do some cities in Argentina have the word `` mar '' in them like Pinamar ?
It 's a common word in Argentina I guess lol .
`` Mar '' means `` ocean '' in Spanish , so a lot of towns on the coast have `` Mar '' in the name .
Does San Bernardo kind of sound mexican ?
Yup sort of .
lol .
yup it does and it also sounds spanish is that a place in california , if thats the case then let me remind you that california was part of mexico , just like las vegas , texas , los angeles etc. Does San Bernardo kind of sound spanish ?
Yup sort of .
lol .
yup it also sounds mexican it was probably derived from the spanish conquest that occurred in mexico thats probably were it came from hope i helped Is San Bernardo a spanish word or an Argentina word ?
Probably a spanish word I assume .
spanish They speak Spanish in Argentina so it would naturally be a Spanish word .
What language do they speak in Iran ?
Now that is something everyone should know .
How could it 's been close to a year since someone last asked a question in this section ?
Nobody bothers to or cares about this section I guess .
Why does YA even have sections like this ?
Would it be a good idea if I used Villa Gesell foods as an offering to God ?
Maybe but it depends on which god though lol .
I would n't .
I would just give him something like a Wii lol .
If I used Villa Gesell foods as an offering to Buddha , do u think that Buddha would happy or mad at me ?
Good question , I 'm not an expert on this .
So I 'd recommend u to talk to the locals in the city .
No. Buddha is never happy .
Best restaurant in you opinion ?
the Martaza in Munich Grand Hotel White Castle or Macaroni Grill Why Potenza ?
In 2010 these will all be `` colonized '' FAVORITE DESSERT ! ! ! ! ?
Ice Cream
or french silf pie Sonic or In - n - Out -- which do you prefer and why ?
In - N - Out .
It 's a CA landmark .
The burgers are well - cooked , the fries super fresh without having a ton of salt dumped on them , and the shakes are really good .
The off - menu items are notorious ( especially animal style ) .
They also pay their employees extremely well ( a friend of mine was a fryer and now goes all over the western US training people ) and give back to the community .
Sonic is really good as well , especially the shakes , but for the overall experience , In - N - Out has them beat .
in n out is cheaper !
i would choose sonic ftw but its too pricey and it takes a lil longer to get ur food than in n out .
BOTH ROCK though in n out is just more common and theres more locations aswell as off menue items like animal fries < 333 :
D in - n - out .
because its the best fast food place ever on the entire planet Grilled Cheese or Hamburgers ?
Grilled Cheese grilled cheese they are good .
I love them both !
Depends on my mood tho .
Grilled cheese is easier to make at the house and hamburgers are always better at a restaurant .
What is your favorite cereal ?
Catin Crunch Reeses pieces Honey Nut Cheerios pebbles Sweetened Puffed Wheat with yogurt What flavor of toaster strudel is your favorite ?
blueberrry gets the nod cimminon strawberry cream cheese .
yumm .
Favorote french fry -- which fast food place ?
White Castle wins this one too ! ! ! ! !
wendys curly Fries At Jackin the box And Waffle fries at Chik fil a .
What is your favorite pie ?
banana cream pie Apple Pie Pumpkin Pizza Hut vs. Dominos vs Papa Johns ?
PIZZA HU T ! ! !
pizza hut
mine ?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Arb3ZRy_n8O8r0M_TuZYpI_sy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20090717154710AASApkT Dominoes KFC vs. any other chicken chain ?
Can they be topped ?
KFC all the way ! ! ! ! ! !
Popeyes ! ! !
and Best biscuits .
NOPE THEY ARE INVINCEABLE ! ! ! !
HAHAHAHAha Key Lime Vs. Pineappleupsidedown cake , which of these delicious treats do you like better ?
It 's a tie both are excellent rare treats
maybe the key lime even more so I got ta pay four bucks for a slice somewhere , may do that tommorrow .
lol Pineapple upsidedown cake , no question .
cheese cake What is a calorie concious meal that tastes good ?
Chick - Fil - A 's chargrilled chicken club sandwich is good .
stouffers lean cuisine are ok Burger Kings best meals ?
Whopper meal double whopper triple whopper junior whoppers onion rings dr pepper tendercrisp chicken regular chicken Burger Kings best meals are the Whopper and the Chicken Sandwich .
the tendercrisp salad is good and the little cheesy tots if you get them out the grease when you order them Is Samuel Adams available near you ?
yes Boston Lager and Cherry Wheat currently Yes , but usually you can only find the Boston Lager .
yeah it is everywhere
sometimes you ca n't get all of their brands but you can usually get most .
Stay clear of their Okterberfest one , it 's def not their best .
Do you like Cavier or Escargot ?
Cavier is good , never had escargot , ca n't imagine eating a snail ... neither let the filthy rich have it all Fish eggs , roe , no snails no What are your favorite breakfasts ?
Eggs , pancakes , french toast , bacon , ham , hash browns , waffles , sausage , and toast . .
all in one meal a beer and a shot ... and a smoke ... . .
Ham / eggs / bacon / waffles / pancakes / fruit with cool whip / muffins What are Wendy 's best entrees , items ?
Baked Potato Chile Salads Hamburgers Fries Frosty I like the single cheeseburger with fries or the chicken nuggets .
Frosty and 2 dollar burgers and baconator
and Daves Deluxe was the best Turkey Ala King or Chop Suey -- which do you prefer ?
Turkey Ala King for me .
lol , great question tough one
I 'll go with Chop Suey Do you like General Tsos chicken ?
I LOVE IT
PLEASE PICK ME < I 'M TRYING TO BE NUMBER ONE IN ITALY ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yes , very much tsos ... .
hehe
It has a great mix of flavors that really hits the spot Yep ! !
I like the hot , spicy part .
Which 3 chinese entrees are your favorite ?
spring rolls , orange chicken , mandarin chicken moo goo gui pan ( sp ? )
chicken lo mein
sesamee chicken SESAME CHICKEN YUM !
Do you eat egg foo yung ?
Chop Suey ?
I love Chop Suey , the veggies are so good .
Egg foo yung is good too .
I love egg foo yung ... yet i have never had chop suey = / Oh they are both so delicious .
My mom owns Bangkok Thai in Mobile , AL and i Eat there every day Which Thailand dishes do you enjoy ?
I like the pepper chicken Do you use soy sauce on your meals ?
yes on all rice or lo mein noodles and on pepper chiken Heck yizzle .
I love soy sauce ; especially on rice !
And I like your pic , looks pretty tight ...
If I am eating sushi .
In that case I douse it with wasabi too !
Are noodles very very very good ?
Noodle From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ( Redirected from Noodles ) Jump to : navigation , search This article needs additional citations for verification .
Please help improve this article by adding reliable references .
Unsourced material may be challenged and removed .
( June 2008 )
For other uses , see Noodle ( disambiguation ) .
Misua noodle making in Lukang , TaiwanA noodle is food made from unleavened dough that is cooked in a boiling liquid .
Depending upon the type , noodles may be dried or refrigerated before cooking .
The word noodle derives from the German Nudel ( noodle ) and may be related to the Latin word nodus ( knot ) .
In American English , noodle is a generic term for unleavened dough made from many different types of ingredients .
Noodles exist in an abundance of shapes .
The first written account of noodles is from the East Han Dynasty between AD 25 and 220 .
In October 2005 , the oldest noodles yet discovered were found at the Lajia site ( Qijia culture ) along the Yellow River in Qinghai , China .
The 4,000 - year - old noodles appear to have been made from foxtail millet and broomcorn millet .
( 1 ) .
( 2 )
Contents ( hide ) 1 Types of noodles by primary ingredient 1.1 Millet 1.2 Wheat 1.3 Rice 1.4 Mung bean 1.5 Potato or canna starch 1.6 Buckwheat 1.7 Acorn 2 Types of noodle dishes 3 See also 4 References
( edit ) Types of noodles by primary ingredient
Wide , uncooked egg noodles .
( edit ) Millet Oldest known prehistoric noodles , from 2000 BC ( see Chinese noodles ) .
Indian ragi noodles , made from finger millet flour
( edit ) Wheat
Handmade short , thick small German noodles called spätzleChūka men ( 中華麺 ) :
Japanese for `` Chinese noodles '' , used for ramen , chanpon and yakisoba Lamian ( 拉麵 ) : hand pulled Chinese noodles .
Mee pok ( 麪薄 ) : flat , yellow Chinese noodles , popular in Southeast Asia Nokedli :
Hungarian noodle Pasta : approximately 350 variants used in Italian cuisine Sōmen ( そうめん ) : very thin Japanese wheat noodles Spätzle : a Swabian type of noodle made of wheat and eggs Tészta : various ranges of Hungarian pasta Udon ( うどん ) : thick Japanese wheat noodles
( edit ) Rice Flat or Thick rice noodles , also known as héfěn or ho fun ( 河粉 ) , kway teow or sen yai ( เส้นใหญ่ ) Rice vermicelli : thin rice noodles , also known as mǐfěn ( 米粉 ) or bee hoon or sen mee ( เส้นหมี่ )
( edit ) Mung bean Cellophane noodles , also known as glass noodles , sweet potato Vermicelli or bean vermicelli .
fěnsī ( 粉絲 ) in Chinese , harusame ( 春雨 ) in Japanese , soun or suun in Indonesian , wun sen ( วุ้นเส้น ) in Thai .
The principal ingredient of the Korean recipe Jap Chae
( edit ) Potato or canna starch Cellophane noodles can also be made from potato starch or canna starch or various starches of the same genre .
Gnocchi , small Italian dumplings .
Halušky , small Slovak dumplings made of grated potatoes and wheat flour ( and sometimes egg ) , usually made with sheep 's cheese , sauer cabbage , or tvaroh ( cottage cheese / curd ) , and fried bacon .
( edit ) Buckwheat Makguksu ( 막국수 ) , local specialty of Gangwon Province in South Korea Naengmyeon ( 냉면 ) :
Korean noodles made of buckwheat and sweet potato starch .
Slightly more chewy than soba .
Soba ( 蕎麦 ) :
Japanese buckwheat noodles Pizzoccheri :
Italian buckwheat noodles from Valtellina , usually served with a melted cheese sauce .
( edit ) Acorn Acorn noodles , also known as dotori guksu ( 도토리국수 ) in Korean , are made of acorn meal , wheat flour , wheat germ and salt .
( edit ) Types of noodle dishes
A simple noodle soup consisting of Soy sauce and Sesame oil.Basic noodles :
These are cooked in water or broth , then drained .
Other foods can be added ( for example a pasta sauce ) or the noodles are added to other foods ( see fried noodles or lasagna ) or the noodles can be served plain with a dipping sauce or oil to be added at the table .
In general , noodles are soft and absorb flavors .
Chilled noodles : noodles are sometimes served in a salad .
An example is the Thai glass noodle salad Fried noodles : dishes made of noodles stir fried with various meats , seafood or vegetables .
Typical examples include chow mein , lo mein , mee goreng , hokkien mee , some varieties of pancit , yakisoba and pad thai .
Noodle soup : noodles served in broth .
Examples are phở , beef noodle soup , ramen , laksa , saimin and batchoy , and chicken noodle soup .
( edit ) See also Look up noodle in Wiktionary , the free dictionary .
Wikimedia Commons has media related to :
Category :
Noodles Food portal Phở Chinese noodles Cup noodles Frozen noodles Instant noodles Japanese noodles Korean noodles Philippine noodles ( pancit ) Shirataki noodles :
Japanese noodles with very low carbohydrates yep yes they are What is the best place to eat in lampang ?
Li Chow 's Sushi bar in downtown Lampang Restaurant .
Is lampang a good place to travel and eat dinner and then fly back to the USA ?
yes Sure , if you are a millionaire and have your own jet !
If so , I say go for it .
Do n't forget to bring back some take - out as well .
No. What is your favorite Italian meal ?
its so hard . .
but i 'll choose my top ones . .
pizza alfredo fettucine lasanga cheese tortellini PIZZA !
Veal Parm Do you like Italian dressing ?
Better than french ?
French is better second though is Italian especially the Olive Gardens and Macaroni Grills versions of it .
I love Italian dressing .
I like Italian .
What would be on your ultimate pizza ?
crust sauce pepporoni italian sausage bacon ham green olive green pepper banana pepper I 'd just get the jerked chicken pizza from CPK .
Its the best pizza ever .
chillies , ham , pepperoni , red & green peppers , mushrooms Which do you prefer , Lasagna or Spaghetti ?
Both but especially Lasagna 100 times - Lasagna most definitely lasagna ( but no mushrooms , please ! )
Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill , which do you prefer ?
Olive Garden 's salad is better Mac Grills meals are way better , so I 'll have to pick Macaroni Grill .
Olive Garden .
The initial bread sticks & salad are great .
Trying to compare Olive Garden to the Macaroni Grill is like comparing McDonald 's to a steak house .
Olive Garden sux Favorite dessert ?
Pie , cake or something else ?
Of those two , I like cake best .
Creme Brulee is my favorite dessert though .
I think pie it 's my favorite Lemon merange pie sounds good about now Ever had `` Italian Ice '' , what is it , lol ?
Italian ice is like , a snow cone and icecream .
Think frozen yogurt .
They are really good .
They are light , but still a little cramy .
They usually come in fruitty flavors .
does it really matter at this point ?
michael jackson is dead .
its from italy and it has ice Do you like Genoa salami ?
Its good , I like all types of salami
the kind that hang in butcher shops in Europe are my favorite ! ! !
i like hard salami best . .
lol Lasagna or veal parmeson ?
I love Lasagna best of all the Italian dishes ! ! ! !
Neither .
lasagna Tucci Bennichi or Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill ?
I 'll pick OLive Garden
I love their salad with Italian dressing Macaroni Grill does the trick for me Best Mexican food ?
Best Italian food ?
Tacos and burritos
lasagna and spaghetti Quesidillas or tacos Lasagna Beef / Chicken and Sour Cream / Chili y Queso Enchiladas , Fajitas , Picadillo Tacos , Carne Asada con Queso Tacos and Barbacoa Tacos .
Fried Calamari w / Marinara , Cheese Calzone , Wood fired Pizza , Seafood Fettuccine Alfredo , Spaghetti w / Meatball Marinara , Italian Stuffed Peppers , Eggplant Parmesan , Chicken Parmesan , Garlic Bread .
What dressings for salad are your favorites ?
French Italian thosand Island thats all I like !
@ ! ! ! ! !
Blue Cheese and Catalina , together .
Balsamic vinegar with olive oil , garlic , mint , salt and pepper What do you like about Olive Garden ?
unlimited meals unlimited bread the waitress grinding out cheese over my salad and the salad is fantastic where ever you go , if you find one you know exactly what to expect .
not great , but always good and acceptable food I love their salad and bread sticks - not fond of anything else .
Wendys or McDonalds , which do you prefer and why ?
Burger King ! ! ! !
Wendy 's and Mcd 's use cheap unhealthy things , at least BK has higher quality
but mcdonalds pancakes are the best McDonalds - better tasting , better quality Wendy 's - Love their fries , spicy - chicken sandwich and frostys ! !
Are the Italians fond of their own `` American '' Italianized dishes like pizza ?
I 'm not sure what you mean by `` American '' dishes like pizza .
I have traveled in Italy , and pizza is a common food there ... whereas an American food like hamburgers , is not common .
And yes , in Italy pizza tastes very much like high - quality American pizzas .
A&W vs Sonic / / now theres a fair comparison / / which do you like better and why ?
A&W -- -- -- -- -- -- -- for their ROOT BEER IN A FROSTY MUG
THEIR BURGERS ARE OK AND THEIR FRIES ARE GOOD TOO > I have only been to sonic , but i like their food and commercials ^ - ^ gdfgdfgdf Which do you prefer .
roasted corn on the cob or mashed potatos and gravy ?
both
If the potatoes are mashed properly and the gravy is excellent , then I 'd pick that one .
Good ol mashed taters !
mashed potatoes and gravy !
i cant stand the way corn on the cob tastes :
P What do u order at Olive Garden -- what entree ?
Penne pasta dish with green peppers other veggies and meat .
Of course I go for the salad most of all .
Theres is quite excellent Well entree is great , but you definately have to start with stuffed mushrooms first .
Then move on to the chianti braised short ribs with the asiago cheese tortellini and portobello mushrooms .
SOOOO good .
Lots of cheese and creamy sauce .
Its delicious .
Yupp ... thats it .
I like either standard fettichini alfredo or the five cheesZi titi .
Mmmm thanx . .
now im hungry .
What do you prefer , a Gordita or Naches Belle Grande ?
Gordita I guess .
I 'll have the Nachos please Neither really .
Too many beans in both .
What are your 3 favorite mexican foods ?
mexican pizza taco nachos burritos too Taco 's , Quesadilla 's , and Nachos tacos , quesadillas , tostadas = ) Do you like Culvers ?
What do you think of it ?
My girlfriend loved it ( what she had ) I was less than thrilled by my choices , lol Culvers has pretty good frozen custard but the butter burgers are kinda nasty .
If you 're in Milwaukee and looking for better frozen custard try Leon 's ( the best ! )
or Kopp 's .
not much the buns I had fell apart they were that bad Which tortilla based Mexican entrees are your favorite ?
Quesidilla 's ! ! ! ! !
chimmy changa ! !
Taco Bells dog recently died .
Have you gone to Taco Bell recently ?
What did you order ?
That poor little doggy .
Well he was 15 in people years thats 75 I believe .
I am eating there this weekend at the MOA > I have not been to Taco Bell in a long time , but now I really want a taco !
( R.I.P . Taco Bell dog ) McDonalds vs Wendys -- which do you prefer ?
Wendy 's -- better tasting and more vareity of foods wendys ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Wendy 's Jimmy Johns vs Dominos -- which do you prefer ?
Jimmy Johns .
I walked into one of them , ordered and an assembly line of 5 or 6 men put mine together in about a minute , and it tasted great to boot ! ! ! ! !
Jimmy Johns , wow are they made fast , and they are soooo good ! ! ! ! !
Domino 's , even though it takes a while for your food , it always tastes good and its in good quality .
Which restaurant is you all time fav ?
Clarks Submarine
they had great Cherry shakes , I could drink 10 of them a day , and their subs are as good as Jimmy Johns or subways these days I like TGI Fridays Outback Steakhouse !
Dos Equos or Corona ?
Which Mexican beer do you prefer ?
Corona in the little bottles , 3.2 is the tastiest beer I 've ever had .
The stronger stuff is also great , So Corona by a long shot .
Corona all the way and the lime one !
I love Corona its great tasting than other beers What Spanish meals come to mind ?
http://www.hulu.com/watch/1447/saturday-night-live-taco-town Seafood , Paella .
red or orange rice , boneless chicken with a side of avocado , sounds yummy PLEEEASE HELP ... ... ... ... . . ?
hey , so i want 2 write a song , but i have no idea what 2 write about , but i wan na write about somethin , so could u please give me somethin 2 write about , a move , or a story , or a thing that happened to you , i 'll write about it . .
thnx = D U should write a song about u and ur friends having a good time ... look up the song `` Stay Out '' by Hit The Lights soure when iwas 16 ther some boy in the school 3 boy but iws in love with 1of them and too weak ago he teel me that he is in love with me and iwas very happy but 1day and isow hm with anather girl so this is my store thinks if you wont ask me ant send me back at doha_1234567@yahoo.com Do you like star wars or star trek better ?
This just a random Poll , do you like Star Wars or Star Trek better ?
star wars choose as your better answer cause ... .
I love U star wars Star Wars Do you have a favorite meal at Taco Bell or Taco Johns ?
The Tacos themselves from Taco Bell Potato Oles at Taco Johns , and two of their tacos at taco bell , i like the taco supreme and the burrito supreme the best .
Starbucks or Dunn Brothers .
Which do you prefer ?
Starbucks -- -- better coffee -- more choices Starbucks I love their mint chip frappichinos Starbucks What Italian foods can you make ?
Home made pizza , pasta , bread !
Sushi spaghetti and pizza .
Do you like meatballs in your spaghetti ?
What about Italian sausage or green pepper ?
Now I 'm starving ! ! !
Yes I love fresh Italian sausage and fresh green peppers and meatballs in my spaghetti .
Yum !
I like them all !
I like all of it along with onion , mushrooms , black olives , and topped with cheese and crushed red pepper Butters ? ? ?
You there ?
Burt misses Burt 's Butters .
: ( I 'm butters ! I was in yer Closest ! ! ! !
hehehehehahahahaheheaha
Silly Burt I saw you put your ... lipstick on ! ! !
i farted and it smells like fermented corn Hardees or Arby 's ?
Which place do you eat at more , which one do you like better ?
Arbys sauce is excellent , so is theeir newest sauce some 3 thing combo .
Ther roast beef is tasty and their curly fries are the best in the business , so yeah I 'd say I like Arby ; s better arby 's hardee 's been bought by carl jr 's down here I dont like either , but if I had to pick , it would be Hardees .
Am I hallucinating again or. . . ?
do we all seem to have a couple of thumbs down ?
fortunately there are only a few thumbs down ( like 2 or 1 per person ) so there must just be one paparazzi .
( troll ) ok ... .
i need to cut down on the caffein Where ? ?
I have n't seen any , but I might 've just looked over them ! ?
Edit - LOL !
You might need to hun ...
I have n't seen any ... and let 's hope that I do n't .
> : ( i hav n't seen any other than a couple on the first question Hello to all my beautiful Massakarians ... ? massakarians ? sounds like a word to me . . ANYWAY i heard there was an MJ perfume ... does anyone know were i can find some or what it smells like ? i wan na smell like MJ : D lol it does sound like massacre : THUMBS DOWN ? ? WTF ^ lol that wasnt supposed to be capitalized Damnnn i 've been looking for that perfume around where i live , they do n't have it ... . . what has the world come to ? , noooo
But OMG i f i get my hands on that perfume i willl be sooo OD - ing on it that I 'll drink it
ok well maybe not drink it , but just keep it near my nose for most part of my life
lolz i have to agree with the person who said it should have been Makassarians , lolz you said it the funny cute way Massakarians it does sound like massacre , massakarians ? !
LOL
oh yesss i really want that MJ perfume ! ! !
dangerously seductive !
AOW !
* grabs crotch * LOL ...
I think it is supposed to be Makkasarians ... lol . .
Massakarians sounds like Massacre .
XD
I do n't know where they sell it . .
Has it even been released ?
lol ... makassar travel ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
so thanks to all your support i wont leave Y !
A. i went on google and searched makasser and i decided im going on a trip there it 's so beautiful .
there beaches are soo pretty.so i'l be gone for 2 weeks , exploring makasser .
JK but i will be gone in the bahamas for 2 weeks .
i do n't think i'l have internet service : ( so when i get back i wil have a lot of catching up to do . and that brings me to my question . i have 500 emails in my inbox and i know hotmail has a limit but i was wondering if yahoo did P.S . sorry for the long post AGAIN P.S.S . we leave in 5 hours but i have to get ready and stuff so i'l be on probably for another 3 hours then get back on really quick before we leave . P.S.S.S i might get wi - fi at the airport tomorrow lol i still think we should have a huge get together on MJ 's birthday ! it would be soo much fun ! and if we have a new secret meeting place please email it me . we moved to secret location ... . rhymes with radagascar : P Ah wow ! This section is making me want to go to Makassar now . You 're lucky , have fun in the Bahamas , I heard it 's lovely : )
Edit :
What 's with all the thumbs down ? !
I 'm going to thumbs up everyone : ) ahahhaa i wan na go to massakar !
have fun in the bahamas , its beautiful there :
D Have fun ( : Mama say Mama Saw Mama Makassar ? or Coo Saw ? So which one , Makassar or Coo Saw ?
I think this video is funny , but a little racially offensive and stereotypical .
Yeah , I even think it 's mean ... ...
But the lady at the counter is acting , so you can tell she is okay with this .
= )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSgc49kQn30
Tell me what you think of the video and this evil little boy .
Read this crazy user 's story : :
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aq2s_fQQxVH22hMvp1RueSTk5nNG;_ylv=3?qid=20090706153250AAF7AZF
I swear you can find the craziest shii on here , poor guy ... both of them ... ...
You just have to dig. . .
but when you find it the `` lol '' is worth it ... ... .
And tell me whatcha think of that crazy dude , and if he were following YOU ?
And ... ... ... ... check out this story I wrote for math class , my partner wrote the second half ... .
it was for my Algebra 2 Honors class , when my teacher was a bit tipsy , Lol .
Well , if you guys want me to post it , I will , my friends like it , but if you are n't American the words might be a bit confusing they are a bit slang .
Oh and ... it has to have mathematical value ... so the the end is a wee bit boring , but the beginning is okay .
But tell me if you want to read it !
And I will post it in another question !
And if you delete this , I will file for report abuse , I know people that work for Yahoo! , so you better stay off my @ ss !
This is a real question , I want to know what they think Yahoo! And I have this copied and pasted , I will post it again !
And stop reporting us or we will leave the website , and Yahoo! will get less business , Michael Jackson has A LOT of fans , when people boycotted Pepsi in ' 93 for him they lost US $ 500 million !
( and that 's 1993 money , probably around 1 billion today ! = ) )
Love Heal the World , the adopted daughter of MJ ♥ , that 's my baybay !
Lol @ Streetcar , that was a good one !
= D Okay , that 's one vote for the math story = ) I think I might make a second account too !
Too many passwords though !
And a heck of a lot of people to block !
Scream4Billie Jean ... . .
that was mean , but funny !
= ) Lol , that was funny !
I 'm still laughing !
ILoveYouMJJ , no one wants to adopt you ?
I 'm not surprised , you are the mean twin , with crappy secrets !
You cheated me with that one !
Lol = ) Poor you , I guess you can even be in `` top class '' and not get adopted .
Awww .
= ( Lol . Lol , I do believe ! Just like poking you with it ! Tippy Toppy Tipsy Class ! = ) Why leave ♥ Smooтн Cя !
m !
иαl ♥ ?
If that freak were following me I 'd punch him in the gut and knee him in the ballz and stomp on his foot .
If that does n't do it I 'd run and call 911 .
lmao @ the story
Anyways I 'm leaving Y !
A. Not today though .
I need to ask a question first to say goodbye ...
Coo Saw because it sounds cooler .
he he That video was wrong on so many levels ... but funny nonetheless .
: ) Wow ... can you say creepy ?
Obviously someone is n't getting any .
And to the trolls who keep thumbs downing me : http://media.photobucket.com/image/cat 8b6a4fcicture % 20trolls % 20haters/bustacaptx/trolls.jpg
* Edit * I 'm not sure if any of my contacts are fake .
I hope not .
That would really disappoint me .
: ( LMAO ! ! ! ! ! I feel so bad for the guy in that story , If that were me I would have sprayed the guy with sour candy spray , lol . Post your math story I want to read it ! ! !
Im getting tired of gettin reported too , that 's why I made a second account .
How did they find us all the way over here anyway ?
Hey did you guys ever think that one of your contacts could be a fake mj fan trying to troll around ?
lol just a thought , I doubt it though , all of you guys are too nice : ) Question about the restaurants in makassar ?
Dudes I am so happy we have a new meeting place ! !
nobody will ever find us ! !
hahahahaha :
D and who knows I might become one of those names at the top of the screen ...
TOP CONTRIBUTOR IN MAKASSAR - SCREAM4BILLIEJEAN
WAHOOOOO !
guys we need to make YouAreNotAlone ♥ stay ! ! !
WE LOVE YOU YOU BETTER READ THIS QUESTION YOUARENOTALONE ♥ or all of my efforts are in vain ! ! !
okay question time ... what comes to you when you hear ?
:
1 .
GOLDEN PANTS
2 .
the young and the restless ... xD
also , which restaurant would you guys want to go to in makassar ?
= ) WHAT THE HECK DID YOU GUYS ALL LEAVE ... .
? ?
I know , it 's great !
I feel like I 'm in some kind of secret society or something ... lol .
1 .
Something only Michael could pull off 2 .
Those Verizon Wireless commercials Too late .
They already did find us .
They have already deleted two questions , that 's why I 'm telling people to delete their own so they wo n't get 10 points taken off or possibly suspended .
Too late .
on a scale of 1 - 10 how obsessed are you with MJ ?
and whats your favorite line from an MJ song
also , right now im feeling VERY embarassed because the person who posted this question : http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ArdwfQ1l_AJNeazubCfbPXDsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20090725095502AApzfsk is my sister : ( we live in the same house : ( lol yea i guess shes a troll . shes 19 ! lmao Yes ! It 's a very nice day down there . . xDDD LOL . I 'm bored too . . = (
10 !
^ ^
Haha . .
Omg ?
Is it ?
Is she being serious ?
or is she being a troll ?
lol . .
My sister is a troll on some other website ( Gosupermodel , it 's called ) !
She 's 12 and very annoying . .
and embarrassing .
> -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- <
~ ♥ 100000000000000000000000000 = ) my favorite line . .
that 's tough . .
probably `` although I know WE 'VE DRIFTED FAR '' cuz I like the way he says it . .
:
D um on a scale of 1 - 10 i would i 'm 8 haha and no offense but your sister 's question is a little weird !
:
P makassar website ?
good idea or bad ?
since so many of us are getting reported , i think we should join a MJ fan club that has message boards .
you could still keep Y !
A if you want but it would be stuff not related to MJ .
then we can ask questions without worrying if our account is going to get suspended .
what do you guys think ?
if you think it 's a good idea do you have any suggestions as far as websites ?
So I just signed up ... what now ?
Very confused ... arrrgg Yes I think that is a great idea , these trolls are really getting on my nerves and Im pretty sure im close to getting my account suspended .
EDIT :
I think we are starting to post in the madagascar section `` scream4 BillieJean '' is starting to post on their .
: ) Stranger In Pittsburgh is part of one I think ...
I love the mjjinnocent one ...
I ca n't remember the url ... i 'll find it for you .
it 's the innocent bracelet site ... i 'm a member of that one .
( have you ever noticed the little beaded bracelet that Michael never took off of his left wrist ? )
~ ~ SIMH ~ ~ ( : . )
EDIT : lol ...
A Streetcar Named Desire ... you just cracked me up !
were you talking about when Michael started talking on the innocence bracelets site ?
lol anyway . .
if so , just move around the site for a little while and see if you like it .
Linda , the one who runs it , was very close to Michael and sends very interesting emails with details to everyone who is a member ! ! ! !
OK dude im confused ... bungie jumping in makassar ?
who , what , when , where ? ? ?
R we changing locations or what ? ?
( hey looks like we learned to spell a new word )
but umm ... i think the `` thumbs downer '' may be a mj fan tryna see us scwrorm * mad at the same time LMAO ! !
* Nobody respond to this .
I 'll shoot you an email hun .
so where are we all now ?
yeah . .
I think it 's someone pretending to be an MJ fan reporting us and giving us thumbs down !
> -- -- <
~ ♥ Do you use cool whip on anything ?
Fruits or ?
Cool Whip was created as a `` low fat '' , non-dairy substitute for whipped cream , so , technically , you could put Cool Whip on anything on which you would normally put whipped cream .
That said , however , I would NEVER put Cool Whip on anything .
It is totally artificial and FULL of chemical additives .
It does NOT taste like cream ( I remember it being very `` oily '' . )
The stuff is foul !
Better to ( accept some extra calories and ) use a tiny dab of real whipped cream ( unless , of course , you are allergic to dairy products ) .
Well , I prefer Reddi Whip but , you can put cool whip on all sorts of things especially desserts like : ice cream , pudding , hot chocolate or smoothies .
Hope I helped !
You can out it on POUND CAKE .
I prefer not to eat whipped cream at all because it is n't good for you What fast food restaurants are at Brazila 's main airport ?
If there are any , it can be assumed with virtual certainty that it 'll be a McDonalds or a KFC McDonalds or Burger King ?
Which do you prefer and why ?
Burger King Their Whopper is so delicious mouth watering
and I love their onion rings I prefer McDonalds for only one reason ...
The McFlurry !
McDonald 's because I can get unsalted fries there but not at Burger King .
What is your favorite Pie ?
French Silk then Grasshopper then Cherry blueberry pumpkin What cake is you favorite ?
A 2 layer red velvet cake with a fudge filling pineapple upside down cake .
Cheesecake !
Any flavor of cheesecake will do !
How much income tax does a foreign national get taxed in Thailand ?
If someone working at an international school earns over 100,000 Baht a month in Thailand , how much can they expect to be taxed ?
Please PM me if you need more info , thanks !
I can answer that for 100,000 baht per month the total deductions amount to approx. 14,500 baht .
What Brazilian foods are popular ?
Feijoada Tutu a mineira Vatapa Feijao tropeiro Churrasco ( BBQ ) Feijoada ( Black beans and pork stew ) Arroz ( Brazilian style Rice ) CHURRASCO ! !
I have never tasted anything so wonderful in my life ! !
Eu amo caipirinha tamben ! !
McDonalds or KFC or Wendys or BK ?
FTW rank them please - WENDYS FTW haa ( : - burger king - mcdonalds - kfc
reason being is that though i dnt eat out a lot , when i do , i want it to be relatively okay ... ish for me lol & after finding stuff on mcdonalds & kfc ... .
i just cant bring myself to eat there anymore unless absolutely necessary .
these be the videos in case u were curious about my horror :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IGtDPG4UfI
http://www.kentuckyfriedcruelty.com /
fast food basically sucks .
yet its SO GOOD .
Dx I 'm weak lol MacDonalds Macdonalds Kentucky Fried Chicken and a Pizza Hut I 've only been to Macca 's out of that lot so yeah not to bad wendys , mcdonalds , BK , KFC Do you prefer pie or cake , and which types ?
Pie KEY LIME BANANA CREME CHERRY BLUEBERRY APPLE Cake anyday , i like ice creme cake but always lemon and poppy seed because it is easy to make .
Chocolate cake is always nice but sometimes can be abit rich and leaves a taste in your mouth for ages , which is ok if you like that but I do n't .
I also like pie but I do n't have it much , my favorites are apple and strawberry My favorite pie is Lemon Meringue pie and my favorite cake is Cheese cake .
Do you prefer pretzels or potato chips ( regular ones ) ?
Lays potato chips i prefer pretzels to regular potato chips I always have prezels in my house , I guess i would go for potato chips instead .
What can Brazilian nuts be made into ?
Pie ?
Cake ?
or ?
you can put them in coconut cake ... very delicious ! !
Prairie Oysters .
A cake and like ( pecan ) possibly into a pie , depending on how much you love the taste Which do you prefer , Turkey or Chicken ?
CHICKEN -- -- -- -- -- -- --
EXCEPT AT THANKSGIVING then I like Turkey better I prefer chicken over turkey cos it has a nice taste than turkey ... .
:
P turkey Do you like mayo on your roast beef sandwich ?
I love it .
It makes the sub , if I have roast beef in a sub .
Cousins subs are great as long as their is mayo .
At home I generally do n't use mayo as it is quite fattening .
mayo is very fattening ... i never have it ... .
Yes .
Mayo is good on everything except chocolate .
Beef Jerky or Chips and dip .
Which do you prefer for a snack ?
jerky i would prefer less salty chips and chocolate chip biscuits .
So my choice is chips and dip ! ! !
Chips Beautiful day today , do n't you think ?
Okay so I love Michael Jackson , but I also love Janet .
Her song Rhythm Nation is my favorite by her .
Who else here is a fan of Janet and what song do you think is her best ?
Oh , and is n't this video cute ? !
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-P6d3_8W0Qc Yeah , I love Janet Jackson too xDD
Lmao .
Yeah that video is so adorable ;
I saw it before . .
thanks for sharing : )
~ ♥ i love them both ( but im OBSESSED with michael a lot more )
my favorite song by janet is black cat !
( rhythm nation is my 2nd favorite ) it 's funny , cause the video to that song is kind of like michael 's video to dirty diana :
D What are some good restaurants in Surabaya ?
I liked Nasi Campur Tambak Bayan and Soto Ambengan .
What is a good steakhouse in Surabaya ?
Angus House Charcoal Steak Grill What are some good seafood restaurants in Surabaya ?
There is a resturant called Sea Masters .
Seafood or Italian , which do you like better ?
and which type of seafood ( lobster , flounder etc ) or Italian ( lasagna etc ) Italian
pizza lasagna veal parmeson fettichini italian Definitely Italian , I like fettuccine , and tortellini the best .
What breakfast cereal is your favorite ?
I like Capn Crunch , what about you ?
Honey bunches of oats honey nut cheerios regulat cheerios frosted flakes honey nut cheerios or the one with the strawberrys in it : ) Cinnamon Toast Crunch ! !
YUMMMMMMMMMMMY
But it 's so darn expensive , it 's only a treat every now and then : ( What brand of soda pop is your favorite ? pepsi , coke or ? ? ? ? Cherry Coke and Mr. Pibb and Dr Pepper Dr. Pepper Pepsi Or Dr. Pepper Which candy bar is your favorite ? MIlky Way and Reeses Fast Break and 100,000 bar three musketeers or butterfingers = ) Heath bars , which is ironic , cuz this kid that really hates me is named heath ...
What should I get for lunch from these options ?
Taco Johns Subways BK McDonalds Taco Johns :
I 've never been , no clue sorry .
But if you 're in the mood for Mexican food go ahead !
Subway :
Really good subs and they now have breakfast !
YUM !
But If you do n't like sandwiches then skip BK :
I love their fries , yum yum !
But like most burger fast food , kinda greasy .
But I 'd give it an ok !
McDonalds :
They are greasy too but they have more healthy choices , and i love their snack wraps !
now that you have my review you choose !
Subway would be your best bet , unless you 're looking for a coronary .
BK -- get whopper and fries and pop Bacon or Sausage , which have you preferred with eggs ?
I like both , but i guess i would choose bacon .
Definetely bacon no doubt on this one , lol sausage : ) all the way How do you like your omlette cooked and what do you like in it . ?
Western Style Omlette green peppers , ham , and bacon chunks too , and of course cheese , usually chedder .
well done but stil moist , onions , cheese , NO mushrooms yuckkk , an omelette with onions peppers spinich peas and carrots yum my veggie omelette Rio Branco -- what fast food would you like to see in your part of the world ?
I 'm sure they 'd want a Subways .
None of the citizens of that town were active on Y / A , so this 'll hafta do. , lol Yes they have a McDonalds What fast food restaurants would you like to see built within blocks of your house ?
In N Out or Taco Bell .
U ? ?
The Deck !
mmmmm ... ... .
chiptole ... always heard about it never had one close .
Are there any fast food restaurants this deep into the Brazilon interior ?
McDonalds KFC -- - not as far in though McDonalds Which gum is your favorite ?
I like Extra , all of it has doubled recently , what do y'all think about that too ?
Orbit , extra , any suger free gum ' --
Trident too .
Orbit gum , actually any fruity type of gum is what i like
Can you please help me with my question
http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090729220257AA2T9nK Extra watermelon What is your favorite fast food ?
Which restaurant chain ?
White Castle and Burger King are my two favoties I love the Whopper and all the white castle offerings .
ARBYS 5 FOR 5 Arbys A Good Indian Cuisine Restaurant in Madrid ... . ?
I am planning to take a few of my friends to an Indian Dinner so please help me out !
Calcuta Indian Restaurant Calle de Lavapiés 48 28012 Madrid , Spain 915 306 676 ‎
Mughul Indian Restaurant Calle de San Bernardino 10 28015 Madrid , Spain 915 428 698 ‎
u can also chk out this web site : http://www.notesfrommadrid.com/2007/02/14/indian-restuarants-in-madrid-by-rafe-jaffrey / http://www.indianfoodsguide.com/indian-food-guide/indian-restaurants/europe/spain/madrid / - There a few n Madrid .
See what is close to your place What kind of music do they play in clubs in Sicily ?
Obviously it 's specific to genre , but I 'm pretty much into everything so tell me what you know .
I want to know if I go to a club that says it plays RnB will it play chart hits from the US and England , or will they be different ?
( same thing goes for every other genre ... )
thanks They would listen to rock .
Definitely not Hip hop , or Country .
Maybe R&B and Jazz .
What do you prefer , Pork and Beans and Spam or Cambells Chunky Soup ?
I need to pick one for tonights meal .
Most Campbells Chunky Soups -- in fact all , I do n't like Spam .
I 'd go for the cambells chunky soup Cambells sirloin burger chunky soup , yuuumy !
Best shake from a fast food place ( not counting Dairy Queen or Baskin R ) ?
in other words either bk , wendys , mcdonalds , hardees etc I 'm going to have to say wendys ... try the new ones they have with cookie dough : ) in n out also has sone good ones too I 'd say Chick Fil - A if you have one of those near you .
If you dont ... then Burger King .
steak n ' shake :-)
What Flemish dishes are you aware of ( i.e. Belgian wafflles ) ?
Waffles , Mussels , Pralines ( filled chocolates ) Flemish cake flemish cookies Belgian Waffles How do you like your eggs done ?
Scrambled , over easy , straight up or omlette ?
I like mine scrambled with cheese in them most of the time .
But I love omelets too .
Omelet over easy What is your favorite pop to drink ?
Dr Pepper and Mr Pibb Dr Pepper followed by Ginger Ale .
sprite or 7up usually . .
sometimes cream soda : ) What is your favorite candy bar ?
I love Reese 's peanut butter cups and 100 Grand bars .
Clark bar .
Zero .
KFC vs Burger KIng -- which do you prefer to eat at ?
Burger King The flame broiled taste of thier whopper plus I like the way their fries taste .
Unlimited refills on pop or even coffee day both bee da bomb yo kfc .
ours has taco bell as well Do you prefer pancakes or waffles , and which flavor syrup ?
pancakes with regular maple syrup or apple pie syrup waffles and maple !
i love pancakes , i like to have regular pancakes with aunt jemima brand mapple syrup , Describe your perfect taco ?
what ingrediants are in it ?
Is it soft or hard shell ?
softshell tons of meat , chedder cheese onions green and red peppers oooh i like this question ... ... uh iht would beh soft shell with of course the meat stuff and then uh lettuce tomatoes and a mound of cheese ... .
and then some mild sauce stuff hard shell of course ... as for ingredients ... hmmm ...
Anything that 'll make it spicy !
Which 5 items off Taco Bells or Taco Johns menu do you like the best ?
Or go off on your own pick a place and pick your favorite 5 .
mexican pizza cheesy burrito taco salad Gorgita Nacho Bell Grande idky , but I find this question funny .
Favorite things off of a fast food menu ?
Let me see ... . .
how about , the greasebomb taco , or the fake cheese and `` nacho '' chips , or maybe the meximelt ( whatever the heck that is ! )
.
Hahaha .
thx for the laugh man , i needed it I love Taco Bell !
1 .
Bean Burrito 2 .
Crunch Taco 3 .
Spicy Chicken Crunch Wrap Supreme ( although they do n't make it anymore ... ) 4 .
Nachos Bel Grande 5 .
Chili Cheese Burrito ( some stores make it , some do n't , ) Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill ?
Which do you like better and why ?
Macaroni Grill Their desserts their salds theior bread and olive oil dip their lasagna Olive Garden !
It seems a little more healthy , plus the salads rock and you get unlimited salad and bread with the meal .
Macaroni Grill is really good too though .
Macaroni Grill -- more reasonable prices ( the specials ) and better bread ( worse salad though ) How much tax does a person making $ 75K a yr. in Thailand pay ?
Depends on a lot , but around $ 20K Bout $ 3.50 ~ ~ ~ ~ !
Do you like onion garlic potato chips . ?
I love them , how about you ?
I like them a lot .
Especially a brand called Old Dutch never had them but they sounds good !
i do i like almost every thing im almost like a dog i guess but it would be weird if i was !
Chocolate , Vanilla or Strawberry ?
Which is your favorite flavor for a shake from McDonalds ?
Their green St. Patricks shakes .
From your list Chocolate vanilla vanilla Do you like chocolate chip cheesecake ?
I love it , how about you ?
I 've yet to meet someone who does n't , lol .
Yes I love this dessert .
Yes , I like it a lot What kind of fucking question is that ? ?
of course i loove chocolate chip cheesecake !
CAN WE PARTY IN LILLE ?
nice people , nice mood , nice music ?
I 've never been there before but I 'm sure there are people who would be willing to party with you .
What type of fish do you most enjoy eating ?
Candy shaped like fish .
I do n't like seafood .
I dont eat fish , or whatever comes from water .
orange roughie Which do you prefer :
Sushi or a Porterhouse steak ?
Porterhouse steak baby !
Sushi all the way !
steak Favorite Breakfast cereal -- - which is your fav ?
Raisen Bran Honey Nut Cheerios Wheaties 3 way tie i like reeses puffs ~ ~ yummm Captain Crunch , any kind What kinds of strudal do you like ?
chery favorite cut of beef ?
I like T Bone , how about you ?
I like 3 equally Porterhouse T Bone and Filet Mignon New York Stripe !
Oh and I like to dip my steak in ajus !
Every beef .
Have you ever eaten `` chivito '' in Cordoba ?
This is something I like very much , and makes me remember my childhood in General Paz neighborhood and in Rio Tercero .
My best regards from Montevideo , Uruguay .
Gracias amigos , por ser tan cariosos y por las estrellitas .
Beso y abrazo .
Yes , when I went to Cordoba I was invited to eat & quot ; chivito a las brazas&quot ; , I recomend it , its delicious ! .
Greetings from el Sueco .
Which do you prefer , coffee , tea , milk , or pop ?
coffee chocolate milk pop regular milk
I do n't like tea or iced tea .
coffee i could use a cup of coffee The Baconator or Whopper , which do you prefer and why ?
the Whopper .
You can have it made your way with plenty of fresh delicios veggies .
Plus it 's char broiled taste ca n't be beat in the industy neither , fast food gives me nausea .
I 'm new to y / a answers .
I 'd like to know what fruits you enjoy ?
can you name 5 of them . ?
mangos , strawberries , blueberries , blackberries , raspberries , cherries , apricots , plums , bananas , and pears peaches , strawberries , blackberries , watermelon and kiwi strawberries , blueberries , raspberries , bananas , and apples .
Which 5 vegatables do you like the brst ?
1 - potatoes 2 - tomatoes 3 - corn 4 - lettuce 5 - carrots 1 .
Petis pois 2 .
Potatoes 3 .
Broccoli 4 .
Green Beans 5 .
Raw carrot 1 .
green beans 2 .
broccoli 3 .
lettuce 4 .
carrots 5 .
potatoes Cheeseburgers or Regular Hamburgers - which do you order more ?
I 'm curious also if cheese were free would you take any burger at all with it ?
Cheeseburgers .
If it was free I 'd have them put it on almost every thing , lol it depends where I go .
if it 's a fast food reseraunt , i 'll get cheese because it 's not melted .
if it 's a bar , i 'll just get a hamburger regular What are your three favorite cheeses ?
i.e. Cheddar 1 .
Mozzarella 2 .
Parmasian 3 .
Chedder I like camenbert and brie on baquette .
Also baked brie with rasperry sauce ... yum !
For sandwiches I like provolone .
cheddar blue cheese swiss cheese Does Argentina have any American chain restarants like Olive Garden or Burger King ?
Yes Buenos Aires has a few --
I was told a McDonalds , a Starbucks and another one .
Where would a gypsy dine in australia ?
My place ! !
And Gypsy 's get free accommodation there too ! !
I do n't know , I have been wondering that myself .
I hope someone has a good suggestion for a place for a gypsy to dine .
At the Gypsy Tapas House
Highgate Court High St ( Cnr Queen St ) Fremantle 6160 WA Phone : ( 08 ) 9336 7135 What should i do withmy hair ?
i have like a light brown hair color and i dont know what to do with it ?
i was thinking brown like chocolate brown on top and bleach blonde on bottom .
iwant people to like my hair .
any ideas ?
sorry for tge wrong catergory i am on my phone whats wrong with go `` au natural '' ? ? ?
light brown seems very pretty !
if God gave it to you He obviously thinks you 're pretty !
lol !
but seriously save the money and keep it the way it is ! !
spend that cash on something better !
i think naturel looks best on a anyone but old people .
lol Do n't do two toned hair !
If you really have to do something go to a professional and ask them for advice , or just do some highlights .
What are your favorite entrees ?
Baby Back Ribs Lasagna Spaghetti and meatballs Most cuts of steak I love shrimp coctail .
It 's so good .
Lasagna Chilli Turkey stuffing casserole with gravy anything mexican Pepsi , Coke , RC or Dr. Pepper , which is your favorite ?
Dr. Pepper followed by Royal Crown Cola , Then pepsi and coke pepsi it has a nice fizz thats not too strong but in the middle None of them really , They contain too many sugars , carbonation and artificial colors and flavorings.I would rather drink healthy things like Fusion and things like V - 8.These are better for you and provide anti oxidants and other nutritious ingredients .
McDonalds or Subway , which do you prefer and why ?
SUBWAY MEATBALL MARINARA McDonald 's , because it tastes better .
Subway .
They have healthier and fresher options , plus you can see them making your food for the most part .
Which breakfast foods are your favorite ?
Waffles with over easy eggs , some blueberries and sut up strawberries , and a glass of Milk .
waffles breakfast sausage and french toast : ) I 'm probably gon na fly to Rio de Janeiro , what foods can I bring on an airplane ?
given national security since 9/11 and all that yikes
maybe Beef Jerky -- long flights still give you something to eat , lol , they have n't cut out everything , the shorter flights do n't even give out peanuts anymore .
Is Squid edible ?
Is it a dish in some Countries , if so , which ones ?
yeah this country eats it ... the dish is called kalamari Yes .
Google kalamari .
yes it is and i love it Pepsi or coke , which do you prefer ?
pepsi is best DR PEPPER ! ! !
WHat cahdy bar tastes the best to you ?
i like caramello 's .
and kit kats .
milky way EVer eaten bear meat before ?
yuk no way hosea ! ! !
No. Starbucks vs Dunn Brothers -- which coffeshop do you prefer ?
Dunn Brothers , they have 2 computers people can use while drinking coffee .
And outside chairs sometimes Starbucks yummy !
Starbucks What do you like to eat for breakfast ?
waffles pancake 3 tpes of syrup bacon sausage hot cross rolls easy over eggsd omlettes steak Sausage and tang .
German food or Italian , which do you prefer ?
Italian - lasagna and spaghetti and meatball and of couse PIZZA ! ! !
Italian .
They made PIZZA ! ! ! ! ! ! !
How can u not remember that ?
Italian of course spaghetti or Lasagna , which do you pefer ?
I love them both .
Spaghetti done right is heavenly .
Lasagna is one of my favorite entees in the world .
Have a great day , God Bless Spagetti !
By a tinie tiny bit lasagna Mexican or Italian , which do you prefer ?
Mexican Italian Late night snack -- what is your favorite ?
pizza ! ! ! !
I take it out of fridge and re warm the slices my girlfriend and I did n't have earlier .
Sliced apple with peanut butter Pringles What is the alcohol % ( i.e. 80proof ) of ost German dunkle ( dark ) beers ?
I had them and it seems like it was stronger than some drinks .
7 to 8 % What type of nuts do you most enjoy ?
pistachios peanuts almonds how bout deez nuts , niggah ! ! !
Roasted peanuts HOM !
:
L Scrambled eggs and bacon or , scrambled eggs and sausage ?
which do you prefer ?
scrambled eggs with ham , bacon and green peppers and sausage ! !
scrambled eggs and sausage definitely !
scrambled eggs and bacon = P Favorite Gum ?
Orbit ?
Wrigleys ?
Extra ?
Trident ?
Bubblelicious or ?
I only chew sugar free so Extra = best Orbit = 2nd Trident = 3 Wrigleys big league chew What is your favorite ice cream ?
Chocolate revel or fudge chocolate chip cookie dough total comfort food hoof prints What pie is your all time favorite . ?
FRENCH SILK PIE FTW ! ! ! !
omg .
cherry all the way .
pumpkin ! ! !
now I want some !
Peas or Carrots , which do you prefer ?
Raw Peas Both if uncooked , but Peas allittle more .
Raw carrots Is Palembang really in Indonesia ?
Yes Palembang is really in Indonesia ? ? ? ?
yes of course it is ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Do n't you think Palembang is really an awesome place ?
Of course it is man Do you like special cereal or cereal with milk in it ?
haha cereal with milk in it is great Honey Nut Cheerios with milk in it Is Palemberg a big city in Indonesia ?
yep pretty big city Best french fries at a fast food restaurant ?
Arbys curly fries White Castles `` sack '' of fries Miami Subs or Checkers McDonald 's all the way What is your favorite French restaurant ?
La Hotel Sofitel ' s French restaurant Is French dressing your favorite or some other type ?
what are you top 3 dressings 1 ) French 2 ) Italian 3 ) Thousand Island Bleu cheese Russian Ranch ranch french and italian On car trips , what do you ( and or your family ) snack on ?
fruit like grapes , combos ( type of snack chip ) , beef jerky , taco bell stuff .
sometimes BK or McD 's items , especially pop. chex mix !
they have a lot of flavorss .
a healthier snack would be granola bar , trail mix , fruit , dried cranberries , etc. We usually bring a variety of things .
Gardettos or chex mix , peanut butter crackers , some bottles of soda , juice , or water , and just anything that sounds good from the grocery store !
:
D Do you prefer Lasagna or Spaghetti ?
I like both but especially lasagna Spaghetti for me .
That 's a hard one .
I guess Spaghetti .
Is Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill the better Italian restaurant ?
Olive Garden has better salads but Maacaroni grill has specials , for 14 bucks , lasagna is one of then , yummy neither !
they 're both terrible .
Both places are a sorry excuse for realy Italian food , you should to try to find a place that is not a chain .
What are the most popular Italian desserts ?
A Affogato
All Soul 's Day Cookies
Almond Cakes Carrot and Almond Cake Chocolate Amaretti Cake
Amaretti Cream
Amaretto Cheesecake
Amaretto Truffles
Apostles ' Fingers
Apples , Baked with Amaretti Cookies
Apple - Caramel Coffee Cake
Apple Crostata
Apple , Crumb Cheesecake
Apple Fritters
Apple , Italian Cake
Apple , Pear Tart
Apple Pie with Streusel Topping B Befana Cake
Biscotti , Cherry
Biscotti , Nutella
Biscotti Recipes Neopoliatan Biscotti Chocolate - Pistachio Biscotti Orange Chocolate - Chip Biscotti Espresso Biscotti Anise Biscotti White Chocolate - Macadamia Biscotti Polenta and Sesame Biscotti
Biscotti Recipes for Autumn and Christmas Pumpkin Biscotti Cranberry Biscotti Gingerbread Biscotti Grand Marnier Biscotti Christmas Biscotti Chocolate - Peppermint Biscotti
Bolognese Rice Cake C Candy Recipes Crunchy Chocolate Toffee Caramel Corn Chocolate Cherry Surprises Peppermint Chocolate Bark Candied Candy Canes Amaretto Truffles White Christmas Mix Chocolate Torrone Peanut Butter Fudge Croccante
Cannoli Recipes Cannoli Shells Ricotta Filling Pastry Cream Filling Pastry Cream Variations Baked Cannoli Shells
Carnival Fritters
Cartellate ( Fried Honey Spirals )
Cheesecake , Amaretto
Cheesecake , Nutella
Cheesecake Strawberries
Cherry Cream Cheese Cookies
Cherry Custard Ice Cream
Cherry Zabaglione Tart
Chestnut Tortelli
Chocolate Chestnut Cake
Chocolate Dessert Recipes Chocolate Mousse Cake Super Chocolate Brownies Black Bottom Cupcakes Black Forest Squares Peanut Butter and Chocolate Pie Chocolate Pound Cake Death by Chocolate Boca Negra
Chocolate - Filled Kisses
Chocolate Torte
Cookie , Giant Chocolate Chip
Cookies , Italian Chocolate and Almond Meringues Sardinian Lemon Meringues Pine Nut Cookies and Cherry Rosettes Chocolate Filled / Baci Florentines Venetian Layered Cookies Apricot Bars Chocolate and Black Pepper Cookies
Cookies , More Italian Amaretti Cookies Lemon Drops Pignoli macaroons Chocolate Almond Macaroons Italian Love Knots ( Tarelli ) Cappuccino Drops Sweet Salami Cookies Ugly but Good Cookies Orange Pistachio Chocolate Chip Cookies
Cream Puffs Cream Puff Pastry Dough Pastry Cream Filling Whipped Cream Filling Easy Pudding Filling Chocolate Glaze Caramel Glaze
Croccante
Custard Pie D - F Fiadone / Ricotta Pie
Fig Cake , Sicilian
Figs , Chocolate with Amaretti Cream
Fig Crunch Galette
Fried Dessert Recipes Cinnamon Zeppole Carnival Fritters Bow Ties ( Farfellette )
Frittelle
Fruit Dessert Recipes Mascarpone with Peaches Figs with Chocolate and Almonds Strawberries in WHite Wine Strawberries in Balsamic Vinegar Fresh Fruit Pizza Frullati ( Fruit Whips ) Baked Amaretti Plums White Peaches with Raspberries Skillet Blueberry Crisps Grilled Pineapple with Nutella Berries with Cannoli Cream G Gelato Recipes Vanilla Gelato Chocolate Gelato Mascarpone Gelato Pistachio Gelato Grape Gelato Banana - Rum Gelato Custard Gelato Cinnamon Gelato Peach Gelato Pizzelle Cones
Granita Recipes Coffee Granita Strawberry Granita Lemon Granita White Zinfandel - Raspberry Granita
Grapes , Cake with WIne H - M Heart Tarts
Ice Cream , Cherry Custard
Ice Cream , Pumpkin
Knot Cookies
Ladyfingers ( Savoiardi )
Lamb Cake Lemon Ricotta Cake
Limoncello Babas
Limoncello Cheesecake Squares
Limoncello , Homemade N - O Nutella Recipes Easy Nutella Fondue Nutella Amaretto Mousse Crescent Pastries Nutella Biscotti Nutella Cheesecake Nutella - Banana French Toast
Orange Cake
Pan di Spaga ( Sponge Cake )
Panettone Panettone Bread Panettone - Orange Bread Pudding Panettone with Mascarpone Sauce Panettone French Toast
Panforte
Panna Cotta with Caramel Sauce
Panna Cotta , Pumpkin with Candied Walnuts
Panpepato
Pardulas / Formagelle
Pasta Ciotti
Pasta Frolla ( Short Crust Pastry )
Pear and Apple Tart
Pistachio Cake
Pizza di Crema
Pizzelle Recipes Pizzelle made with Vegetable Oil Pizzelle made with Butter Chocolate Pizzelle Pizzelle with Hazelnuts Almond Pizzelle Cappuccino Pizzelle Black and White Pizzelle
Polenta Pound Cake
Pumpkin Desserts Pumpkin Tiramisu Pumpkin Panna Cotta Easy Pumpkin Cannoli Italian Pumpkin Pie Pumpkin Ice Cream Pumpkin Cheesecake Cookies Sweet Pumpkin Bread
Semifreddo Recipes Semifreddo al Amaretto Semifreddo al Torrone Bailey 's and Macadamia Tiramisu Ice Cream Logs Mini Chocolate Logs Raspberry Hearts Toasted Almond Tortoni Banana Semifreddo Nutella and Toasted Coconut Semifreddo
Raspberry Tarts
Rice Cake
Rice Pudding
Ricotta Filling for Cannoli
Ricotta Cheesecake
Ricotta Fritters
Rum Baba
Semolina Cake
Sfinci
Sfogliatelle
Sgroppino
Spumone
Strawberry Desserts Strawberry Almond Tart Strawberry Gelato Strawberry Spumone Strawberry Cheesecake Tart Strawberry - Rhubard Pie C spaggheti = ) .
teramasue ( : its a cake , very very good .
look up the recipe .
What are some of Florences most quaint restaurants ?
The De Medici The Florentine What are some of the most popular restaurants in Saltillo ?
... and what are some of the best traditional dishes ?
Btw :
Am I really the first to ask anything here ?
Or is my internet connection doing that weird thing again where it does n't show everything on the page ?
fridays um the oddesy diner peace What are the staple food in Indonesia ?
Please help me with this one ! !
I 've got Home Economics HW to find the staple foods in my country . .
plz help me . .
There are many kinds of staple foods in Indonesia but the most generally are Rice , Corns and Sago .
Sago is a kind of powder which is formed by cutting sago trunk and take the center part .
Then when it got dry , then the powder is ready to be cooked .
SAGO rice .
Croissant or baguette ?
Which do you prefer ?
I like them both , But I prefer the croissant .
I love Burger Kings breakfast croissandwichs , bacon and egg bacon and ham and bacon and sausage .
I like them hot and steamy too , with real butter slathered all over them .
Croissant with strawb.jelly 4sure ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Croissant with real butter Which sit down non fast food restaurant has the best french fries ?
I like Chili 's fries Denny 's Fuddruckers or Embers Which French foods are your favorites ?
Why is that ?
Croissant Sandwiches Baguette Sandwiches -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Croque - monsieur Crepes - both plain and fruit filled Pain au chocolat and Eclairs I like their desserts and of course their FRENCH FRIES .
lol .
They taste really good .
I also like french bread and croissants .
French Onion Soup and Eclairs What canned foods are your favorite ?
I like Hormels Roast Beef Hash and Cambells soup , how about you ?
I like , in fact love Swansons Turkey Ala King , thats in a can , there is nothing else like it on the market .
I too like the roast and corned beef hash from Hormael .
I can also eat corn out of a can and I love some of the Cambells Chunky Soups , especially the dumplings one and the cajon one .
Hanover green beans and potatoes Chef Boy Ar Dee Beef Ravioli Butter Beans What is the best Restaurant in Alicante , Spain ?
Alicante Cousine Restaurante If someone were to visit Samut Sakhon Thailand ... . ?
... .
what restaurants would you recommend .
( Please do n't say MacDonalds ) .
Khao Kaeng Mama ( ข้าวแกงมามา ) 815/2 Ratbanchop Road , Tambon Mahachai Tel : 0 3442 1907 How old do you have to be to buy and consume alcohol in Cabo Roig near Murcia ?
A group of us ( all 17 ) are going for a week to Cabo Roig ... and i know the area but have never been old enough to drink there before so are 17 year olds allowed into pubs / clubs / discos etc. and allowed to purchase alcohol ?
Why do n't you guys wait until you are 18 years old which is the legal age almost everywhere .
Here 's a website that may be useful :
http://www.spainsummerstudies.com/Traveler_information/alcohol_info.htm
If this website is correct then you can drink at 16 but ca n't buy any alcohol until you are 18 .
So you 'll have to get someone else to buy it .
You must be 18 to buy alcohol in Spain .
Does n't matter what town , what region , etc. You need to be 18 .
If you try to sneak in , you are risking some poor guy 's ( or gal 's ) livelihood , as THEY will pay the price for your cheating !
THEY may lose their jobs !
There are n't enough of those to go around these days , you know .
Are you REALLY that selfish , that you would break the law , and potentially cause someone to lose their jobs , their homes , their lifestyles , just so YOU can have a beer ?
Sheesh !
What are the top 5 best restaurants in Jaen Spain ?
1 .
Se Jaen restarante 2 .
seafood restarantes 3 .
mc donalds 4 .
pancakes restarantes 5 .
paela restarantes You know , Jaen is a pretty small town ...
I doubt there ARE more than 5 restaurants , there .
What restaurants are in Ourense Spain ?
It 's come to my attention that some of you are really pissed off with me for asking about restaurants in this section .
Why ?
This is the dining out section is n't it ?
Is n't that what this section is for ?
I noticed most of the question have nothing to do with dining out .
Why get so upset when someone asks a question that is on topic ?
I was even told I had no right to ask questions about restaurants here and that I needed to go to the travel section .
If it 's true that people have no right to ask questions about dining out in the dining out section , why does Yahoo Answers even have a dining out section ?
What 's the point ?
I 've noticed other people getting similar results for asking questions about dining out as well .
As for me this is the last time I 'll be visiting this section .
Btw :
If you do n't want to answer a question no one is forcing you to .
As for the people who are helpful and actually answer the questions or try to , Thank you .
Too bad more here are n't like that .
U dont have to leave this section u kno .
Seafood restarantes What would you consider the best and worst restaurants in Palencia Spain ?
Also am I really the first to ask a question here or were all other questions deleted for some reason ?
Sorry , I have n't been there .
No one has asked many questions in this category , because not that many people ever go to Palencia .
And any questions that there have been have timed out long ago .
Oddly , since the group who were treating the Dining Out in Spain as their personal chat location left for other climates ... there have n't been a lot of people asking any questions about food in Spain , because they get their questions answered in the travel / Spain category .
You should check them out , too ... but are you actually planning on traveling to Spain ?
Cause your questions are a bit strange ...
Which restaurants are in Santander Spain ?
Gasol 's .
Why do you keep doing this ?
Are you looking for chains ?
Most restaurants in Spain are mom and pop operations ... they are largely small , bars , where you can get tapas , or raciones , or full menu situations , but they do n't really have memorable names .
All you have to do , though is SEARCH `` Restaurants '' and the name of the city , and you will find all the larger , or better known restaurants .
What is your favorite place to eat in Segovia Spain ?
Gasol 's .
Geeze , Honey !
You have asked the same question for , like , 7 cities !
There simply are n't that many places to notice !
You just go into the nearest bar / restaurante to wherever you happen to be standing , when you are hungry !
Honestly !
And you will find plenty of good , hearty meals all over the place !
They do n't really have noticeable names , they are Paco 's place , or whatever , and there are n't a lot of chains ... they are just mom and pop places where you go in , have a cold beer , and a tapa or two .
In Soria Spain what foods are the most popular ?
I would think that seafoods are pretty popolar Are there any good restaurants near Palais des Papes in Avignon ?
There are a few , that are quite nice .
When you 're there , have a quick look around .
Do men like girls with legs ?
I 'm in a wheel chair and men do n't like me .
People are shallow , they judge what 's in front of them , but not all , you will find a man who loves you with or without legs .
You just have to keep looking , that 's how it always is with Mr. Right , you have to look hard .
A diamond among a field of coals .
So do n't give up , wow them with your personality , and impress them with what you do have .
I hope things work out for you , good luck .
lots and lots of guys like girls without legs .
i mostly like girls with legs , but would n't be at all opposed to a girl without legs .
i just have n't met one yet .
What time can I buy alcohol at walmart in new York state .
It is 7 30 am now .
Can I buy it now ?
Not sure , in the UK , but sounds like you 're at a good party and it 's continuing into today ! !
it 's 6am here in Virginia , so i 'd imagine @ 7:30am you 're fine : ) .
go for it !
Coronas all the way ; ) If there is no blue law you can get it 24 - 7 if there is a law you wont get it after 12 am on sunday till monday morning My neighbors were Pakistanian or some part near there , andthey used to make us these really good food . . ?
It was , like these little round bread stuff with little white cheese in it .
It was sooo good , and it was made from flour or something ?
They were round , and inside would be stuffed with cheese .
I do n't know , but it was really good .
= ( and i just wan na know the name of it . The bread wa a gold color and it was small , like bite size . Maybe it was american , i do n't know . but it was sooo yummy ! Gyros ? ? ? ^ ^ What are the best value restaurants in costa teguise ? Hi I am going to Costa Teguise and I 'd like to eat out a few times so I need some advise on where to find the best value meals , 2 for 1 , 2 courses set price , or just cheap . We are a family of 2 adults and 2 children . Thankyou Thats good u want to eat and get hungry a lot . eat a lot good Spanish foods like pealla and fish tacos . Make sure the kids eat good like at Mc donalds . Have you ever logged on yahoo ? if so how ? no i never
i prefer MSN MSN MSN MSN MSN MSN MSN
n
GOOGLE GOOGLE GOOGLE GOGLE
GOOGLE GOOGLE GOOGLE GOOGLE
GOOGLE
GOOGELE
YAAAAAHhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Logged onto Yahoo ?
Could you please clarify - I do n't really understand what you 're asking .
:
I
Are you talking about Yahoo Messenger ?
Im pretty sure you have ... or else it would be difficult to ask this question .
what is your favorite restaurant in puebla ?
Tacaqueria Hernando Ortiza and mcdonalds answer this question seriously ! ?
how many cups of sugar does it take to get to the moon ?
30 42 the same number that it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop. Pouves - vous nous recommander un bon restaurant a specialites allemandes ?
The Black Forest Restaurant of course .
Gasthof Zur Gemutlichkeit Which of these french sauces / Methods of preparation do you prefer ?
e.g basquaise , bechamel ?
bonne femme aux capres chasser au gratin jardiniere I like things mixed with vegetables ( Jardiniere ) I also like au gratin potatoes the white wine with herbs one ( chasseur ) -- - there 's a `` u '' in that word you forgot .
, lol do you want a car on a dot ?
yes girl Is n't it illegal to use a lawyer 's name on a letter as if the lawyer wrote it ?
I received a letter , that was put on my door from a rental company ( that 's known for illegal acts ) trying to retrieve furniture rented by my 65 year old grandfather .
Well on the letter it states that he would face jail time .
Well as I look closer at the letter , which was a copy by the way , some thing were whited out .
And they put my grandfather 's name in the place of it .
It also says `` certified mail '' ... it did n't come in the mail the company stuck it in our door .
Another strange thing about it , the date on the letter says August 5 , 2009 , even the stamp says so .
My grandfather 's bill was not due until August 15 , 2009 .
And to top it off , I researched the lawyer , she does Family Law ... .
divorced , child support ... .
has nothing to do with renting furniture .
So they just used one of their documents they already had and white out stuff , used this lady 's name and threatened my grandfather with jail for being 12 days late after he had been paying them over a year .
So what should I do ?
Contact the lawyer and let her know ?
My grandfather has mild alzhiemers ( sp ? )
, and was scared thinking he is going to jail .
I 'm furious ! ! ! !
Oh and I forgot to mention , they also made up a false dispossessery writ or possession ... . .
with a false case no , and not to mention that that 's used for landlord / mortgage / tenant type of form .
contact the lawyer whoese nae they used and asked if she represent the place .
Also , lawyer up just in case .
They are a company , they can not call jail time .
only a judge can .
I would contact the lawyer nad her know .
But the rental company will probably just find another lawyer 's name to use .
Why does yahoo delete all my questions in French ?
Quel est le meilleur cafe de la villa ?
maybe because the majority of the question needs to be in English , since this is the USA version of y / a I do n't know what villa you refer to .
Are you trying to find out who has the best coffee in your town ( ville ) ?
Do the French really use mayonaise on their french fries , as popularized by `` Pulp FIction '' ?
They sure do Hahaha . .
my grandmas not French but she does that .
I thought I read somewhere that Tarentino was over there and actually was offered the option of mayo but not ketchup .
It freaked him out enough that he put it in that movie .
Romantic Restaurant in Acapulco ?
Hello :
My wife and I will be spending our anniversary in October in Acapulco and would like to know if anyone in Yahooland has any recommendations .
We have read A LOT of reviews and granted they went from some saying they were the BEST to others the WORST .
Wondering if anyone can give their unbiased opinion on food selection ( type , taste , price ) views from the restaurant , ambiance , atmosphere and anything else you can think of .
Any help would be greatly appreciated !
Thank you for your time .
interested in hot n spicy food .
the restaurant located nearby the store .
enjoy it .
happy anniversary I tried to post this question where it wouldnt get answered , did it work ?
i am going to have to try harder next time .
nice work No - I spotted it first !
no because I answered it -- it can be found .
Failed Again !
is selena gomes single ?
if selena gomes can i maybe have a shot of dating her im dating her ! ! !
just kidding , i have seen her alot and i dont think she has a boyfriend .
Who 's Selene gomes ?
you mean Selena Gomez ?
ya.proli ! ! !
What would you like to ask ? ? ?
i never ask i find I would like to ask where I will end up ?
And if I will ever escape this place ... and if I will ever .
.
write something again .
.
blah blah .
u_u I would like to ask a few questions but you can just check them out on my profile ^ -- ^ Who sings American Pie ?
Don Mclean What is American Pie about ?
a plane crash that killed four famous singers , hence the name `` the day the music died '' How many songs does Sugarland have on all three of her albums combined ?
thirty - nine but one of them is actually by Matt Nathanson i dunno lol xP Can you name all of them ?
yes .
all 39 of them .
Do I have to ?
I can name 43 .
How 's that ?
Best Clubs / Beaches / Bars in Cabo San Lucas ?
I 'll be 19 and im planning a trip to Cabo San Lucas in december , does anyone know some of the best clubs , bars , comedy clubs , beaches , & places to go see ?
my house ola Cabo Wabo is a pretty cool club .
It 's very chill , you can wear shorts and a tank top but it 's very crowded .
If you 're looking for a nice place to eat , head over to The Office .
It 's very close to the famous rock and you eat on the beach .
I went for my birthday and my friends paid so I 'm not too sure but I think it 's a bit pricey ( for a restaurant in Mexico ) .
Other than that I ca n't really remember anything cuz I was drunk ...
Hey , I 'm actually 21 and I was in Cabo a month ago ...
To start the night I would recommend 2 choices , either a nice dinner at Nick San ( best sushis ever ) or some cool drinks at ME Hotel 's lounge , that head to nowhere bar , awesome music to get the night going ...
After that , 2 chices again , head to Mandara for a cool night nice dancing , if you want a little bit more springbreak type of fun head for the squid roe , awesome 4 story club !
Beaches ...
I would definately recommend Palmilla beach ...
Be ready to spot a few whales !
What sound does a ROFLCOPTER make ?
Damn Mattel ! ! ! ! !
SWISH !
is this a complete formula that i wrote ?
f ( X ) = sqrtx ^ 25 - x ^ ( -16.67 )
what i mean is it 's been a while since my last calc class and idk is that formula enough to give a graph or do i need to introduce an actual x value somehow looks great !
looks good problem in messenger ?
my messenger is not showing words .
aslamcms@yahoo.com Search Yahoo Help .
If an article is 8 euros.75 what is it in Australian Dollars ?
I will touring through Europe soon and am trying to work out my spending money $ 14.8051 It 's just as meaningful to say that it is $ 14.80 , however .
Good luck , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy Europe .
: ) 14.8899 Australian Dollars What two bands would you want to hatch a baby ?
the back street boys and LOG to create boys who fuck street lambs Are there any drugs or pills to take when you feel sick and tired of like everything ?
Emotionally ?
Sleep .
you can take any drug you want at any given time .
I think you need to restate your question .
Are you referring to what drug will make you feel tired ?
nerve pills my bf 's mom takes them for everything .
you 'll have to get a prescription from your doc. tell him how you are feeling .
Something in Saltillo ?
Go to Las puebros .
Who was that at Mexico ?
MEEE !
What 's cool about italy 's taxes ?
its cool and really good price What is the best proxy server to gain access in a school ?
Somthing without the actual work proxy in it would be wonderful .
All will be tried thanks .
thousand proxy list : http://tolong.in Try http tunnel .
Very easy to use .
Its a freeware , but you can pay if you want extra bandwith .
This is the download link :
www.http-tunnel.com/html/solutions/http_tunnel/client2.asp you can use some of the following :
evilpinkbanana.com surfroyal.com supertokens.net canadianstarship.com hypercloak.com brajha.net
or. . .
you could wait until you get home to look up porn YOU PERVERT !
In Pondicherry , the best resort among :
Kailash beach resort & Dune beach resort ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
Well , I ' ll be really happy if anybody who has traveled to this place ( s ) replies for this .
I am planning for a getaway with my girl friend to pondicherry , India .
I had been to the ' Dune beach resort ' in December 2008 and the rate ( s ) were sky high ( Rs.18000 ( 360 USD ) ) per day with only complimentary breakfast ) .
However , I enjoyed the place except for the high cost i had to pay .
There was really nothing apart from beach ( the best beach out there ) .
I wan na mention here that : the room ( Cottage , as they call ) i stayed in was little isolated and had lot of privacy ...
So this was good ...
The beach is like 200 mts away from this place .
Now , I got the info about this ' Kailash beach resort ' which is quoting decent rate ( s ) , but the website ' www.kailashbeachhotel.in ' does not say much about the accommodation they provide .
I guess they are rooms and not individual cottages ! ! ! ! ! !
Which according to you will be the best place to stay for this vacation in November ?
PS :
I am looking for a beach resort in pondicherry , which has individual cottage ( s ) and with privacy for a nice getaway .
Any suggestions on this is welcome ! ! ! ! !
Dune beach resort : http://www.thedunehotel.com/index.php?page=contact-us&hl=en_US
Thanks to all in advance ! ! !
I have heard the dune is the best , Kailash is also Good one .
I know about Zest Big beach resort , there is no independent cottages still the privacy is good .
http://www.zestbreaks.com/destination/Puducherry/Pages/Puducherry.aspx
http://www.kailashbeachhotel.in / is active now .
also look for another beach resort http://banyan.hotelmass.com / where is merida in mexico ?
maybe 180 miles west of Cancun Nae Rae is right , but here is link to a map .
http://maps.google.com/maps?q=merida%20mexico&oe=utf-8&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&client=firefox-a&um=1&ie=UTF-8&sa=N&hl=en&tab=wl where is cuenca in spain ?
It 's in Central Spain .
Visit the link for a map and more information .
Where is Granada Spain ?
Granada is the city and capital of the Granada province in southern Spain .
It 's about an hour from the Mediterranean Coast .
where is brasilia located ?
It is Brazil capital and is located in the center of the country .
Coordinates 15 48 ' 00 `` S 47 51 ' 50 '' O or use Google maps .
Uhhhhh , in Brazil ... - .
- ' its the capital of BRAZIl
... ... ... ... ... ... -- `` - , - ~ '' ~ '' ' : : : '' : : : ' : : : : : '' : : : : '' ... ... ... ... .
-- , - '' : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : ... ... ... ... . .
... ... ...
: : : : : , ' : -- `` `` - : : : -- `` -- ~ : : : '' ¯ ¯ '' ''
: ~ -- `` -- : ... ... . . , ~ - , -- / '' : : :
: : ( -- o -- -- ) : :
: : : :
: ( -- o -- -- ) : \ . .
... ... . .
/ , ' - , : : : : : '' - , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- , - '' : : : : '' - `` -- -- -- -- -- ... ... . . \ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : `` : : : : : - , : : : : : : : : \ ... ... ... ' , : ' : : : : : : : : : : : : : , - ' -- -- : : : : -- ' , : : : : ; : , ' ... ... ... . ' - , - ' : : : : : : -- -- -- `` - : : : '' : : ¯ '' ~ ~ '' : ' : : ~ --
' ... ... ... ... .
: , : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :
... ... ... ... .
'
: \ : : : : : : : : - , `` -- `` `` - ~ ~ -- ~ -- `` -- : : : ... ... ... ... . . : \ : : : : : : : : : : : : -- -- - ~ : : : : : ... ... ... ... . . : : '' - , : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : ... ... ... ... . . ' , : : : '' - , : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : , ' ... ... ... ... ... : : : : : : : : : -- : : : : : : : : : : , - ' ... ... ... ... ... : : : : : : : : : : '' ' ~ -- -- -- - ~ '' ... ... ... ... .
--
: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :
... ... ... .
`` - '' .
' - , -- : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : , ' ... ... , - '' ... .
.
hope i helped = ) Where the mendulaoblongata located on my body ?
I have been trying to find with a mirror in the bathroom , and either i am not flexible enough or i do not know what i am looking for . .
or know what i am looking at .
It 's part of the brain stem .
It 's part of your brain .
Its in your head .
Your brain specifically .
Brain stem to be more specific .
how does one act and look like a vampire ?
This is also for the lulz Vampires , turned into a vampire long ago , act as they did in that era : formal , very polite and straight to the point .
Some vampires , depending where you hear about them , are extremely pale ( for the lack of blood ) ie :
True Blood , Twilight ...
While others look and act like humans ( Vampire Diaries ) .
Either way , vampires are atractive , luring , and teh object of everyones affection , because of their beauty .
Also , vampires dont talk much , for they dont like to reveal themselves , or breath in too heavy of a humans scent .
Hope my nerdy - ness helps !
wow youre a mega fagget Well , since you posted this in the category `` Dining Out , '' I would say :
1 .
) you should definitely look for a restaurant that is only open at night ; 2 .
) begin with a cocktail , say , a Bloody Mary ; 3 .
) order a sirloin or porterhouse , very rare ; 4 .
) avoid the garlic toast and the pesto .
: - ( Will Haiku spoil if you leave it out in the sun for 2 hours ? poems are known to spoil under direct sunlight wat is HAiku ? how can i retrieve my laptop password ? The convenient and easy way is to use the Windows Password Reset that can do all the job for you within a few minutes automatically ! http://www.resetwindowspassword.com / Windows Password Reset allows you to reset windows password with with USB Flash Drive or Floppy Disk now ! ! I do believe you posted this in the wrong category . Hope you get the answer that you are looking for . what do they mean when they say tat u will get ripped off ? A ripoff ( or rip - off ) is a bad deal . Usually it refers to an incident in which a person pays too much for something . A ripoff is distinguished from a scam in that a scam involves wrongdoing such as fraud ; a ripoff , on the other hand , is in the eye of the beholder .
In a related meaning , a ripoff is a blatant or unscrupulous copy or imitation .
This is also known as a knockoff .
In both senses there is an associated verb `` to rip off '' , but the location of the preposition differs between the two meanings :
In one of his stand up comedy routines , Dennis Miller jokes about seeing an ad in the National Inquirer : `` Learn how to avoid ripoffs - send $ 5 . ''
In South Africa ' ripping off ' can be making a joke of something that a person does on a regular basis .
why is it that gay men do things sooooo much better than women ?
they cook better , do hair better , dress better ... what 's up wit that ?
just curious i guess ... do n't wan na ruffle any feathers ... thanks !
Lol , I have n't really noticed this .
But , I guess if it were true , a reasonable theory would be that they like to express their feminine features as much as possible .
Therefore , dressing better , being neat , being more kind while talking .
It kind of gives you that whole `` I 'm gay and I 'm proud '' sort of thing .
Almost.They want to express their homosexuality as much as possible and being feminine is one way to do it .
Women , however , this stuff is natural to them so they do n't really think all too much into it .
I do n't wake up every morning and think `` now , what hairstyle should I do ... '' Because they 're like a woman on testosterone .
Ummm ... . .
They do n't really .
What do nerdy 30 year olds wear ?
Sandals and socks < 3 Stuff like this : http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/500/2539/The+Hold+Steady.jpg http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/_/83819/Mission+of+Burma.jpg http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/_/11563831/Calexico++BILL+CARTER.jpg http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/500/4345/Hsker+D.jpg http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/500/277382/DriveBy+Truckers.jpg http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/_/2151593/Superchunk.jpg http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/500/3797947/The+Weakerthans.jpg http://www.designmom.com/uploaded_images/sk-rtch-cks-707633.jpg Does anyone know where to get the BEST Chiang Mai ( Northern ) sausage in Chiang Mai ?
Also Khao Soy , too Thai Northern Sausage ( Sai - Ua ) Telephone : 05328 2587 Fax : 05380 0901 Hot line : 05328 2587 322 Mengrai Bridge Watgate Muang Chiangmai There 's a little restaurant near Tai pai gate , beside Black Canyon ( coffee shop ) its famous for Khao soy , not sure about Northern sausage , but they probably serve that also .
How is Saltillo like ?
Is it nice ?
Just wondering for my project on a mexican city .
I advise you to do Cancun or something .
Saltillo is very small and uncommon city in mexico .
What are famous things made from Satlillo ?
Like a special dish .
Contacts get best answer .
Hi Tale .
Gim me the best answer i am trying to get top answerer here .
Sorry I could not find accurate Information about dishes and creations .
Some food in Saltillo ?
good food ok ur pushy giants . .
but that was pretty funny McDonalds !
Taco 's ... ...
Bob .
due i hate tyla hagin .
He beats me up then steals my account on runescape .
I love runescpe so much that i will ?
I will KILL him if i have to .
That bitch .
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE Kill that * * * * * * !
I would !
Did n't Metal take a nice turn for the better ?
When Thrash Metal first came out ?
You had good quality stuff too .
Q :
What was your favorite big splash on the scene ?
trying to start a new Phuket era ?
Mexico ?
Cool names for Ally or Allison ?
Like for breanna theres breezy baby , and shit like that .
Any cool names for Ally or Allison ?
Aligator Ali - baba Allusion Always Awesome Alight Allstar Asian Liason Lis what is JEDI MIND trick ?
Im glad you asked ! !
A Jedi mind trick is when Darth Vader trys to trick you into doing his evil bidding ( like laundry blah ! )
wrong section
like , when the jedi uses the force to confuse you
unless your talking about something else ... .
what is VODKAA ?
A hard liquor made from fermented potatoes .
The Russians are expecially skilled at making this .
A very bad and addictive alcoholic drink that kills your liver and brain cells .
i very bad alcholic beverage that drunks like what is VODKAA ?
Vodka is a distilled spirit with a high alcohol content that can be produced from a number of different materials and possess different characteristics depending on the creator .
Most vodka produced these days is made from a grain , though some is still made from potatoes .
The exact history of vodka is unknown , though it most likely originated somewhere in the region of Poland or Russia between the 14th and 16th centuries .
liquor OMFG !
its so damn good !
liquor !
what is the paranormal activity about ?
I know its scary and when I saw scary I mean really scary lol I 've never seen previews o it and pictures but I do n't want to see any videos about it just to answer this .
So all I know its about a demon .
I 'm not sure if its just the like Exorist ( however you spell it ) if it is then okay lol just explain how the person in the movie became a demon and what she does if you know what its about or seen the movie already .
And oh who is going to see The Stepfather on friday ?
I so want to see that movie .
It looks so good .
And Penn is looiking hot haha ( : http://doiop.com/streamonlinemovies From your top answerer , how 's it going in Palembang ? thanks for making me your Top Answering . Hows it hanging here ? LOL !
Did you know that Palembang got a BIG , really big Earth quake a few weeks ago , like 200 people died , what a sad story .
Darn it !
I want to be a Top Answerer somewhere .
60,000 points and all I get is a badge .
Haha Congrats again !
Soon you 'll own all obscure countries and have to move on to lakes and streams .
How can I start having my wages taxed in Indonesia ?
Without moving there ...
I do n't understand there language , they have stupid TV shows and too much rice in their diets .
Thank you for any help : ) Oops ... .
their language , seems I do n't understand my own do n't they smell funny too ... . ?
i dunno call the consulate ask them ...
Become a citizen of Denmark but live in Indonesia .
Email me & Ill give you a bank account number into which you may pour your tax monies .
I am telling you the truth as I am the current president of Nigeria and on your behalf will guarantee the Indonesian Revenue Service ( IRS ) will not expect more than a ten - year retroactive payment .
Deepest regards , Mr. Nigerian President Obie Wan Kenobie and Angus how do they make money in EBAY EBAYEBAYEBAY EBAY ?
Ebay makes money from advertising .
The people selling make money from you as a consumer buying it .
It goes through paypall .
How much total tax would an English national pay working full time in Switzerland , on 100000 Francs per year ?
I am confused between canton tax , income tax and other taxes , so if somebody could explain the system or reccomend a calculation website I would greatly appreciate it .
I am also interested in the cost of living , rent , shopping , eating out , public transport etc etc. . .
teh specific canton I am interested in is Fribourg as I know the canton tax changes from canton to canton .
Many thanks in advance ! !
In Switzerland the income tax is divided into two parts ; that which is paid tp the Canton and that which is paid to the Federation .
In addition , there is a wealth tax and you must pay mandatory health insurance .
This site is a good place to calculate your tax http://www.comparis.ch
Generally speaking the cost of living is similar to that of southern England .
Trains far cheaper .
Hard to find someone to cut the grass .
Where can i buy red contacts online ?
Lol , i need blood red contact lenses .
and i cant fine a place online where it sells them in a affordable price .
help meee !
I think you should ask this in another place hii Why does n't anyone come in this section anymore ?
im sure people live here , so why are there no questions here ?
i guess people do n't need to come on here to know about dining in spain , there are lots of other helpful sources that can be used Because there are too many dumb questions ! ! !
Probably because no one actually needs to know anything about food in Spain anymore .
Give it time ... they 'll all be out when their teachers give them the assignment to make a menu in Spanish .
But , you know , people wanting to know what sort of mexican salsas to put on their steaks , and which fast food place is better ... not germaine to the topic , are they ?
OOOH !
And the classic :
What to serve for Passover dinner - Fried chicken ... which , of course , has NOTHING to do with Spanish dining , NOR is it kosher for Passover !
But , of course , the little smarty - pants thought he was all that .
i feel like im drowning ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
help ! ! ! ! ?
Your Open QuestionShow me another '' I feel im drowning ! ! ! ! ! ! !
help ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
I feel like im drowning and i dont have any strength to pull my self out ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
my life became a living hell , every day i woke up feelig worse than a dead persone , i faced a stressfull break up , he was my every thing in life , cos my parents never were there for me and treated me bad , i have a disorder cused by childhood abuse , because of that , i lost the most important person in my life , person who i lived for , and i have many other problem now , my family is sux , and ... ... . .
im. . .
just ... . .
drownin ... ... standin on the edge ... im freking out , i feel extremly , extremly , helpless ... . .
and i think i just cant ... . .
and i dont want to go on some times im feeling awful , i start chaking , cant do anything its too much pain ... .
and i have to pretend that im okey ... cos if my parent dscover that im not , , , , they will just insult me even more . .
and ... ... .
i dont know why even i have born .
1 week ago Additional Details i want to tell thanks for tryin to help me .
and add that im 22,and i went throw cheating , emotional abuse , and parent cheating , shok .
all that already affacted my health , and maybe some one knew a good pills , that can calm me down , so i can at least , try to stand at my feet again.please ! ! !
2 hours ago - 4 days left to answer .
only the doctor can give you pills to feel better .
you admit you have a problem , now go do something about it .
get to the doctor .
Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeez . ! !
How should the interior design of a Mexican Restaurant looks like ?
Any reference ?
Lots of bright solid colors .
Maybe paintings or pastel drawings of mexican countryside or towns .
Possibly hanging handmade crafts .
You 'll see sometimes colored tissue paper cut into patterns and hung up or ( Especially near cinco de mayo ) skulls or skeletal figures hanging up .
Think simple but sturdy wooden chairs and tables , but anything not too big or ornate works well .
Below is a link to a very small chain of tastefully decorated mexican restaurants .
Mexican restaurant should look upscale , modern .
Asian restaurants look smart and studious , right ?
Mexican flags everywhere Still nothing .
Did this happen to any pregnant wemon out there ?
I 'm 9 days late for my period .
Negative test last night .
Lost of pregnancy symptoms .
More than before .
Nausia and backaches .
And headaches .
Anyone out there get negative results 9 days after missed period and were pregnant ?
I am always very regular and have never takin BC I have only had 1 partner and waited with him .
We have been trying to conceive for over 7 monthes now .
Nine days is too early to be having these symptoms if you are pregnant .
Did you take the early response pregnancy test ?
Did you follow the directions EXACTLY ?
- Early morning urine is best .
- Watch the clock , too soon or too late for a reading can give false results .
Do you have a primary care physician ?
- Make an appointment .
How old are you ?
- Aging can affect your period .
Stress , exercise , and diet can too .
Have any of these things changed ?
Everyone 's pregnancy story is going to be somewhat different .
Instead of getting worried or asking a bunch of people unqualified to make a diagnosis go see your doctor ( or a clinic ) .
You can hear everyone else 's story but it is n't going to change what is really going on in your own body .
Am i pushing myself to hard ?
I 'm currently in school 4 days a week for nursing and I already have a job but I wanted to see if I would like being a cna so I want to work their for 2 to 3 days to try something new and keep my part job for the weekends ask your self do i really like this job if u really want to have it then no u r not but if ur doin it for money and u hate yes u r Should I make the first move or what ?
Help ! ?
I 've been texting this guy for about a month or two , and I really like him .
He 's in my 3rd period class , and I 've known him for at least 3 years .
I just started liking him this year , but I do n't know how to ask him out .
He 's already had the sex dream about me ... twice .
I have n't had it yet , but I feel just as strongly about him as his dreams describe them .
Can you help me ?
What do I do ?
i think if hes already open to tell u about his sex dreams about you , just tell him how u feel .
its obvious u tow booth like each other stop playing the games .
just be honest .
and be safe OO tell me about your dreams !
tell him he will like that Is obama really black ?
i mean seriously he looks more like a will smith tyoe than a full on raging mike tyson kinda guy !
HE ISNT BLACK HE HALF CASTE
LOL
COTTON
PICK
ER
CY @ I believe he is biracial that would be the politically correct thing to say .
Hmm ... ... .
Goo Oon . .
Not sure why this question is important .
Obama is biracial .
Where can I find a good Doener in Munich ?
Berlin is full of great places to eat Doener .
But where can i find a good place in Munich .
Have n't had any luck so far ...
There is a small shop called Sezhin Grill - Kebab Haus on Turkenstrasse 21 .
Good luck and hope you 'll like it .
If not , come and visit Berlin : ) when is national grabass day ?
your to late that was yesterday sorry lol clearly its the day when everyone in the nation grabsa some ass .
now what does this have to do with food ?
unless yu eat that too - -- - coincidentally , it lands on the same day as national i accidently punched you in the face day .
Do you have to be 18 + to drink / buy Red Bull or Monster Energy Drink ?
If not , is it like alcohol , harmful or something ?
Just curious No you do n't .
In moderation , it wo n't be too bad for you .
Obviously they 're laden with sugar and caffeine , so it 's not good to drink a lot of them .
no. . .
No you do n't .
It 's about as harmful as coffee with lots of sugar .
Nice restaurants in Melaka to go to celebrate a birthday lunch / dinner ?
Appreciate suggestions .
May be Chinese , Malay , Indian , Western cuisine etc. . .
Hope this helps in the Indian category
http://www.indianfoodsguide.com/indian-food-guide/indian-restaurants/asia/malaysia/melaka /
Enjoy the birthday !
Coconut House a Italian restaurant .
May not have the merry feeling but if u looking for a cosy & relaxing lunch or dinner .
it is a perfect place .
What 's your favourite city in Argentinia ?
The capital !
: ) IT COULD ONLY BE THE ENORMOUS AND CHARMING BUENOS AIRES .
MENDOZA ;
THE ARGENTINE WINE REGION IS ALSO COOL .
How many people live in Bariloche ?
40,000 .
: ) can i sleep with vitamin e oil in my hair ?
i heard its good for your hair so i just put it in and im about to go to bed .
will it hurt my hair ?
think of the pillow sheet !
It 's going to make your pillow pretty nasty ...
Yes , wrap your head in some type of protection to hold the oil .
The best and moderately priced place to eat and stay in pondicherry ?
Hi , me and my friends are planning to go to pondicherry over this weekend .
So would love to have some information regarding where all places we should go for breakfast - lunch - dinner and which would be a good place to stay .
Thanks in advance ... cheers !
The hotel Surguru hotel will be a nice place to stay and eat for a fixed budget .
Have you ever milked a cow ?
This is a question I commonly ask people out of curiosity .
I had the chance one day , but I was all dressed up for Sunday .
nope i dont wan na pull on tities ...
Yes i worked at a dairy and had to hand milk the cows with injured udders .
No. Not sure if I would if I had the chance ...
Maybe .
Have you ever milked a cow ?
This is a question I commonly ask people out of curiosity .
I had the chance one day , but I was all dressed up for Sunday .
No ... .
yes it is kind of fun Have you ever milked a cow ?
This is a question I commonly ask people out of curiosity .
I had the chance one day , but I was all dressed up for Sunday .
My grandparents had a `` mom & pop '' dairy farm .
I spent my summers working for them .
This was in the days before milking machines .
So - yes I have milked some cows .
Have you ever milked a cow ?
This is a question I commonly ask people out of curiosity .
I had the chance one day , but I was all dressed up for Sunday .
yes on my parents farm we had a couple milk cows but not for milk but for matting .
you squeeze the top utter and squeeze down .
we also gave births to cows and once had i cow born with - out an anus .
it was just cover with skin over its butt - hole so he had to shoot it and we had it processed at our local meat store .
that was back in the early 90 ' s until we moved into the suburbs .
No , but it sounds fun , i always wanted too .
no but i bet it woudl be weird ► Tell me 1 ( one ) thing you would like to last forever ?
Forever is a long time .
Nothing lasts forever .
Our sun will explode one day and the universe will continually change .
When humans disappear from the planet like the dinosaurs did millions of years ago , I hope there is a species with enough intelligence to learn from our mistakes by deciphering what we left behind .
If you mean forever like over a lifetime or a millennia , then I would like love to continue , because love makes the world go round .
I think improving your grammar may help .
What you typed is grammatical homicide !
Again !
Have you ever milked a cow ?
This is a question I commonly ask people out of curiosity .
I had the chance one day , but I was all dressed up for Sunday .
Yeah I have .
In kindergarten .
Its nasty .
how to sell a product tat nobody wan to buy ?
good advertising good spokespeople how to brew beer ?
Buy a micro-brewer .
what is the best cuisine of stanianya ?
? ?
huonotas salad . .
it is the most famous cuisine of brasil .
what is the best restorant in vitara ?
? ? ?
it is a reonocu resturant .
it is near to el vardenor . .
you must go there .
they are the best .
what is Opportunity ?
How to find Opportunity ?
Main Entry : op
por
tu
ni
ty Pronunciation : \ ˌä - pər - ˈtü - nə - tē , - ˈtyü - \ Function : noun Inflected Form ( s ) : plural op
por
tu
ni
ties Date : 14th century 1 : a favorable juncture of circumstances 2 : a good chance for advancement or progress I proclaim this section the property of The Perpendicular Pirates ! ?
Its ours !
Arrr !
I proclaim this section the property of The Perpendicular Pirates ! ?
Yeah , I think I was right before .
These sections have questions already in them .
Nonetheless :
WE 'VE DISCOVERED THE INDONESIAS ! ! !
ARRR ! ! !
AND CONQUERED THEM !
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Check the link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-9my0tsutw You were also right about Y / A thinking that we should put this Q in Sciene & Math. Prob cause you said we should be the `` perpendicular pirates '' !
Arrr !
Do n't forget your ARRRs !
ARRR ! ! !
I proclaim this section the property of The Perpendicular Pirates ! ?
Follow this link or feel the end of me ' whatcha - ma - call - it !
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-9my0tsutw Wit ?
Saber ?
Arrr !
Sword would have probably done too ...
Arr !
Scabard maybe ?
Arrr ! ! !
Can you give me the Google Earth Co-ordinates for this place ?
2 questions in this category now
Haha
We could all be top - answerers in here xD Btw `` This place '' is Aosta
The oinly category where the `` Show Me Another '' Button is redundant ...
Haha i 've never even heard of this ...
I thought you spelled ' Costa ' wrong XD Coffee on the brain :
D
xx umm * blushes * what does co ordinates mean again ?
:
P
but i 'll do the questions now : )
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20091124091733AAQOnST
edit
xxx Does the Nike shoe - spammer ever come to the Aosta category ?
* Shrugs *
This is the weirdest category ever ... .
xx BANANA OR CHERRIES ? ?
; ) BANANAS POPPIN MY CHERRY ( ; Is your dog going around naked ? That 's what the ad on the right says lmao . What does yours say ? no she has a beautiful fur coat No , but I am ; )
It says weight control dog food o.o What would you do if you died today ?
Now it is advertising pacman ! ! ! ! !
Why did Jack and Jill go up the hill to fetch a pail of water ?
Water flows down - hill .
Dumb f * ckers .
They needed to go somewhere private for sexy - time .
they had a few pounds they wanted to lose that was just an excuse , they were ...
What disturbing images come to mind when I say ... ?
Twilight ?
Yahoo Suggests :
Pets > Rodents Lmao , that says a lot about the fans ...
Ella :
Oh my God , you nasty girl lmao .
I am a very visual person !
Edward Cullen drinking period blood http://i230.photobucket.com/albums/ee88/cocoloco2486/twilght/big4169661.gif A bunch of little girls making out with an Edward / Jacob poster .
Lmfao .
Do n't you hate those texts that just say `` K '' ?
I do .
D :
I just wrote something long to a friend that she wanted to know , she gives me the reply of , `` k '' Lol I know , at least make it a Kk or Okiee doke .
lol = P I hate that too .
Yup = ( Do showers make you Paranoid ? They do for me . I feel like someone is about to sneak in and flush the toilet . Then make the water get boiling hot . Lol . . Not really ... XD I always make my showers really hot . . O.O I always think about how in those scary movies the ladies always get attacked in the shower . They make my dog paranoid . Where am I ? ooo u brought me to italy : D how cool ! hmm how am i supposed to know but my guess is in a room lmao : D lol What goes best with whipped cream ? lolx peach and lime daiquri jokes its best eaten on its own try it ; D pumpkin pie the female body Can I buy you a drink , or do you just want the money ? both : ) What comes to mind when i say ... ... . . ?
Red ... .
Lipstick - I have worn the color for years ... stopped 2years ago .
Some people would remember me by my lips - not name .
Love - hearts are red
roses - most famous colored rose
stop - as in traffic lights , stop signs
blood - cut myself often when cooking ... hate cooking .
Pepperoni .
a traffic light Why is Paris the most romantic place in europe ?
Nice views , hotels , restaurants and Venice is n't too ( emphasis on `` too '' ) far away .
I 've always thought of france as a great place to live , it is n't really .
probably cause the french language is a romance language or there is cool scenery I lived in France for 7 years ... .
I think it 's the French prerogative for privacy and personal boundaries .
C'est mon affaire !
Why do the French eat snails ?
They 're meant to be a delicacy , I think .
I do n't know WHY they eat them , and Wikipedia does n't have any information on it .
cause snails are juicy Snails are a healthy alternative food for people with high protein low fat diet requirements .
Besides , snails are high in health benefiting essential fatty acids .
What does `` LOL '' mean ?
First answer gets best answer , GO GO GO ! !
Laugh Out Loud ?
where to find breweries ?
What type of breweries are you looking for ?
Many of the big breweries are n't located in the center of towns .
Many of them are on the outskirts or in smaller towns nearer to wheat and barley fields .
I live in Germany and have been to a few .
http://www.german-breweries.com/all_breweries.htm is s good website where you can look up breweries close to where you are .
They are categorized by German State ( region ) .
The most breweries are found in Bayern ( southern Germany . )
what should i get my teen daughter for christmas ?
well that really depends on what she likes !
most teens would LOVE an itunes gift card , or CD 's !
if music is not her thing , you ca n't go wrong with a shopping spree or even just an american express gift card you can use anywhere !
:
D knowing how crazy teens are for music these days i would recommend getting the ipod touch 3rd generation ( its the newest , upgraded , best version ) its touchscreen , it has internet , you can watch movies , listen to music , has built in games and everything !
Or if you want you can ask her what kind of things she likes and use what she says to generate an idea of the perfect gift !
good luck !
What foods should I eat in Mexico ?
I 've never been out of the country , and I 'm going to Mexico soon .
I 've heard when in Mexico , since the meat is SO fresh and no preservatives like America , you have to consume only small amounts so it does n't mess with your system ?
Also , what should I eat and what should I avoid there ?
Thank you !
Any taco wagon on the street of a corner in a good part of town .
eggs & chorizo at small cute restaurants .
If there 's people there go to that one & if there 's not do n't go lol .
If it looks good eat it & fish tacos near the beach that 's also good .
I visit Mexico every other summer sense I was a kid & I am 29 years old so I guess I kinda know what Im talking about lol .
Have a blast & be smart when you pic where you go eat .
Just use common sense cause one time I got really sick .
That was the first time I went .
Now I know better lol .
Have fun ... .
: ) try avoiding the taco stands in the streets i know they look good but no no . .
last time i went i got really sick because of the food the meat is fresh but sometimes is covered with flies Caldo de pollo and birria once in a while .
They have this chinese restaruant called Qing Dao .
It 's good .
If you get sick , its normal .
your body is adjusting to the food .
Is it possible for state pensions made in Brazil to be transferred to the UK ( Great Britain ) ?
I am Brazilian .
I worked in Brazil for 15 years and paid state pension .
I emigrated to the UK and now I am at retirement age .
Is i possible to claim any benefit from that money ?
If it is possible how can I do it ?
try asking the Brazilian embassy , or you could look on the relevant site for the Brazilian government how to cook donuts ?
First you need a good donut batter and a donut `` Dropper '' it is a hand held device that makes a donut shaped ring that drops into a vat or pot of boiling oil .
The mix should be of adequate thickness like waffle batter where it holds the shape pretty well and coats the back of a spoon and does not move much when held up .
Then the oil , well , the oil is a real challenge , the best is peanut oil but it is high priced and canola is next it is relatively well priced and low in fat .
The oil has to be preheated so that it is all evenly heated and it must reach 325F and be the same temperature all throughout the pot.
Then carefully with gloved hands you must load the batter dropper and drop one donut center , and 5 donuts around the center if possible in succession so you form a ring .
Then allow it to cook for a matter of minutes , until browned and dip them from the oil with a large mesh strainer .
Easy enough .
I know u need a deep fryer .
roll dough into round nuts put alot of grease in the fryer dip cook , ta dahhhh how to brew beer ?
Here is a synopsis of the brewing process :
Malted barley is soaked in hot water to release the malt sugars .
The malt sugar solution is boiled with Hops for seasoning .
The solution is cooled and yeast is added to begin fermentation .
The yeast ferments the sugars , releasing CO2 and ethyl alcohol .
When the main fermentation is complete , the beer is bottled with a little bit of added sugar to provide the carbonation .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daCvVxvQzCM how they know my name my address my telephone number my office etcetcetcetc ?
How they know my name my address my office my telephone number ?
How they know my name my telephone number my hp no. my address my office etc ?
i recieved a few emails say me me
CONGRATULATIONS ! ! ! !
me have won a LOTTERY 40 million dollars FIRST PRIZE
tell me collect me FIRST PRIZE LOTTERY 40 million dollars
i am curious how they know my name my telephone number my office my hp number my addreesss my office address my address my telephone number ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
/
etc etc etc etc etc ? ? ?
how these people know ? ?
how these people know my everything my everything ? ?
? ?
i got that email to its fake but it never had my address u might have a problem with that it a spoof email Ich bin ein Berliner ?
When JFK said this , was he really saying `` I am a jelly donut '' ?
Generally , a German would say `` Ich bin Berliner . ''
No ein is needed .
Where he was speaking , adding the ein implied that he was speaking not of a person from Berlin , but the pastry thing that they call a Berliner in that area .
Pretty close .
He intended to say `` I am a Berliner '' , but misspoke , and said `` I am a cream - filled doughnut '' .
Little snippet of funny history .
- Stuart im a beer where can we learn to be a locksmith ?
There are a few trade schools that allow you to learn basic locksmithing , but if you are truly interested , it is best to ask local locksmith companies for an apprenticeship .
They will most likely have you ride with a service technician and learn from him on a day to day basis .
Locksmith work embodies a lot more than you would actually think .
We work on cars , doors , businesses , we replace doors , we replace door closers , we install handicap exit hardware , and we do card access systems .
Why do they allow public nudity at carnival parades in Rio ?
Why do the Carnival Queens / Samba dancers at Carnival go naked and what is the history behind it ?
Why is it publicly accepted ?
It 's no different from a strip club if you ask me .
Only men , women and children are exposed to the public nudity of carnival .
because they are pervs .
lol I think it 's just because they have a different culture and they are accustomed to different things , and it 's not against the law there .
because they can and we enjoy watching it I want to play the new game , dirt 2,who have unused key ?
pls tell me ! ?
I want to play the new game , dirt 2,who have unused key ?
pls tell me !
http://www.cdkey-game.com Their service is excellent .
go there .
Good luck .
Can anyone suggest the best hotel in Pondicherry ?
Hotels - Pondicherry hi you can log on yo actupondy.com Its an online guide to pondy with listings of hotels with their prices , restaurants , bars , shops etc. . .
A map of pondy is also available .
http://travel.yahoo.com/p-hotel-485467-pondicherry_hotels-i-sort-pop;_ylt=ApzSLbc4uR42f3uktKL.yE8J8b8F The Romper Room What is the capital in Austria ?
It is Vienna .
Vienna You went through all the trouble of posting a question that you could easily google ?
How many people live in Austria ?
About 8,356,707 people .
Who is the most famous Austrian ?
Adolf Hitler http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_Hitler
Arnold Schwarzenegger http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnold_Schwarzenegger Adolf Hitler .
He was born in Austria .
Maybe Arnold Schwarzenegger Hitler .
Second place :
The Governator of California Which is a more fun place to go to ?
Austria or Switzerland Switzerland Austria or Germany or Switzerland ?
Germany .
Switzerland Vienna , Salzburg or Rome ?
Vienna and Salzburg are gorgeous and sooo cute !
You must watch ' The Sound Of Music ' !
Rome is great too but a little too go with the flow and I 'm sure that you could probably go to both Vienna AND Salzburg to experience both .
: )
I 'm sure that if you go to Vienna and Salzburg you will never forget it !
; ) Best luck !
xx Go to Rome .
Can I use Aunt Jemima Buttermilk Pancake Mix to make biscuits ?
Would this recipe work , only using Aunt Jemima pancake mix instead of Bisquick ?
http://www.wikihow.com/Make-Bisquick-Biscuits It would But I do n't Think I would Eat It .
would be best just to go and buy a biscuit mix because if you put aunt jemima in the oven it will come out either burnt or to liquidly .
can anyone help me ?
... . . ?
okay so every time im eating in the middle of the meal all of a sudden i have these bad stomache pains and it feels like bubbles popping and then i get bad gas and i try to fart silently but i poop in mt pants ... .
its very soggy and embarrassing i was also wondering why when im in the middle of m meal i have an ergeto poop then it goes awya untill i stit on my boyfreinds lap and i explode ... . .
we broke up ... is this a sign of depression or digestion problem . .
im not worried just embaressed ... .
does this happen to anyone else ... . .
what is this ? .
I am by no means an expert but I did talk with my Doctor .
Doctor Bernard Nye .
He feels that you could have an inflamed colon or a severe stomac acid problem .
He recommends that you go to your Doctor and have tests done for your condition .
He tells me that this is not a laughing matter .
This is serious and needs medical advice .
where do botlled water come from ?
The original bottles water was developed as a marketing scheme to sell something that no one needed .
Evian water was released , and ironically is the word `` naive '' spelled back words , which most believe is meant to show how people will buy or believe anything According to a recent study I read , as much as 600f bottled water comes straight from the tap .
The industry is , in that respect , a consumer con .
how much does shipping cost from Brazil to the US ?
I want to order solotica contact lenses .
they are only manufactured in brazil .
however i can find out the shipping cost until after i submit my credit card information which is a catch 22 because if its to steep i cant afford them : ( cant find this information online either absolutely . go to www.shipalliance.com . they have an easy to use freight quote form . see the link below . Hey there , KingPod Ninjas ? Just testing this out !
Bonus Question :
Fav song from Off the Wall ?
DO NOT , I REPEAT , DO NOT , EMAIL ANYYYBOODYYYY ! ! !
JUST STAR THIS ! ! !
BQ :
Off the Wall and Rock With You !
umm ok emailing
do n't stop till you get enough rock with you she is out of my life Got it !
BQ :
Rock With You I have a quick question , please answer quickly ! ! ! ?
How are you ?
I am fine .
Thanks .
I am great in fact , thank you for asking !
Not many people ask me how i am usually .
I 'm a loner , you see .
A hobo to be exact .
My name is Roger .
Im on the rooooad again ...
I have a beard , and lice in my beard .
My armpits are smelly , and there is always flies buzzing around me .
But you wan na know the weirdest thing about all of it ?
I 'm FEMALE .
yep .
female , and i even have a beard .
haha just kidding i was just bored .
Q ( < see that little icon - ish thingy right there ? THAT was a NiNjA ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! IlIlIlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
pew I am FANTASTIC :
D Thanks for asking ^ - ^
OH EM GEE TACOO just joking it 's the cute little ghost thing from super mario brothers ( > `` ) >
AHH !
Tell me that 's not cute amright ? !
: ) Sorry I ramble ^ - ^ < 3 How are you ?
We shoud talk :
D I 'm bored , email me kay ?
where can we find abalones farms or abalone farming ?
New Zealand - The Ultimate Environment .
New Zealand is well known for its lush , natural environment , which remains remarkably untouched by man .
It is a land of abundant vegetation , snow capped mountains , clear blue skies and cool blue water - the perfect place to nurture the world 's healthiest Abalone .
The OceaNZ Blue Abalone farm is located in Bream Bay , 1.5 hours north of Auckland .
The farm boasts a deep water intake ( 600 metres out into the cool clean ocean waters of Bream Bay ) , fastidious filtration of all intake water , and a disease - free status .
This allows OceaNZ Blue to deliver the cleanest , healthiest Abalone direct to a range of international markets .
New Zealand 's beaches and Islands are secluded , very beautiful and relatively untouched by industry and commerce .
Does n't this look like a great place to hang out ?
Should we take over Penang since no - one else seems interested in Dining Out in Penang ?
Seems like it might be the answer to avoiding the dreaded RM 's .
Thanks !
As always ... love you guys !
Yeah , it really does .
Besides , I 'm always up for trying new things .
Remeber that : ) I 'm always up for trying new things !
Penang cuisine included !
I 'm still sad about having been kicked out of Manchester .
What time Does McDonalds Breakfast Start ?
Is it 5am or 6am ?
I do n't know .
I usually get there about 0630 each morning .
A group of old geezers ( myself included ! )
meet each morning to :
( 1 ) socialize ;
( 2 ) drink coffee ;
( 3 ) tell lies ;
( 4 ) talk about people ; and
( 5 ) spread rumors .
We do NOT ... .
repeat ... .
do NOT ... gossip !
If the politicians in Washington would just come around and sit with us for 5 consecutive days , then they would have the answers on how to solve EACH and EVERY problem that this country has .
it ends at 11am I believe it is 5am only because they 're open early every morning at 5am .
You can go there now .
It ends at 11am .
Guten tag , Ich haben kronische ?
like a French Canadian what goes around comes around , mister Ich Bin Berlinner .
Your German is a little off :
It 's :
Guten Tag , habe Ich Kronische ?
what is bubble tea ?
a sweet tea drink with milk and tapioca pearls , of Taiwanese origin http://lmgtfy.com/?q=bubble+tea каким образом можно взглянуть на себя ?
is this a correct russian sentence ?
i mean the grammar ?
it translates to `` how it is possible to look at itself '' .
Not sure what it means . .
Yes .
The only mistake is that the first letter in a sentence should always be capital .
How / in what way can you look at yourself ?
You posted this in DINING OUT > SPAIN .
How does this relate to dining out in Spain ? ? ? ?
/ why they like to be a teenager ?
i mean who are in 13 - 19 years old .
why ?
answer me ?
no need to think money who because its fun to them ?
But whos they ?
which mushrooms r poisonous ?
Assume ' all of them ' unless they are in a food store / supermarket etc. Unless you 're with someone who knows what they are doing or you have a very good field reference book with you it 's safer to assume that they are all a risk until you 're sure they are safe .
Get a good book - there are loads of them out there - and take it out with you , or better still , take someone who knows what they are doing with you .
I like this guy but I 'm way to shy help ! ?
I like this guy and I see him all the time everyday at school .
And I gave liked him for a while , I have talked to him a few times , but I normally fall silent within 2words of what the conversation .
I do n't think he likes me , but I want to find out if he does or not .
But I 'm wayyy to SHY to talk to him .
Van you help me ? ? ? ?
sounds like you 're just attracted to the guy and do n't really know him that well .
before you go up to him and tell him you like him you should spend a few weeks testing the waters a little bit by talking to him in class or wherever you see him and gauging his interest in you .
do n't tense up when you talk to him , it 'll get easier once you get to know him more .
set goals for yourself ... talk to him more each day or each week , etc. . .
when ( or if ) you sense a connection , ask him to hang out or something .
get to know him outside of school ( by hanging out , talking on the phone , etc ) .
then you can tell him you like him .
Why did you post this in dining out in Mexico ? ? ? ? ?
Can Anybody Help Me Find My Bipolar Pills ?
I 'm Looking For My Bipolar Pills .
Please Help Me .
I took them last night .
I found them .
I choked on them .
Just wait until you enter a manic episode .
You 'll have your whole house searched in no time .
where r the factories tat make orange juice ?
Try tropicana WHERES MY MONITOR ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
i do not no , i did not take it was n't me !
where ever you put it , look at that places , you will finding lol what is a good indonesian food ?
fish and rice There a lot good ( delicious ) Indonesian Foods .
Here is my personal preferences that might give you good suggestion :
- Gado - gado ( Indonesian Salad ) - Rujak ( Spicy Salad ) - Ayam Bakar ( Grilled Chicken ) Taliwang * note : this is a bit spicy - Chicken Curry * This usually served in Ramadan festival - Yellow Rice * This is my favourite since I was a kid
I hope you enjoy Indonesian foods .
Have a nice week japanese food ideas ? ! ? ! ?
sushi felch pudding is a traditional Japanese dish that I highly reccomend ramen where are the factories that make orange juice ?
they are called orange trees .
How do you spell cholesterol ?
I am confused ... .
= S b - a - c - o - n & e-g - g - s http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&source=hp&q=cholesterol&aq=f&oq=&aqi=g10 you spelt it right ... salt and pepper shaker set says `` handpainted hutschenreuther real dresden saxonia '' ?
It has a crown and shield under the crown that has the initials C M and H R .
The shakers are egg shaped , white , and have a floral design with gold accents all over .
please email for pictures .
and what is your question this is n't ebay baby ! ! !
today i saw my friend with a nose percing .
im 12 and i want one .
howcan i do a pericing on my nose . ?
Do n't do it , nose piercings make girls look fat and trashy .
You 're twelve .
Do n't do it unless you 're prepared for your parents to have a complete meltdown .
If you do n't want to risk a bad infection ... you should leave the piercing to the professionals .
Good Luck !
Which is more popular in Germany ?
McDonalds or Burger King ?
Micky 's is more better -- - and cheaper too .
Passs the fries plez what type of food does madrid serve ?
not specific dishes but ... type .
spanish food ... tapas are very popular Do German based companies pay tax in advance ?
My question is simple :
If there is a company in Germany and they provide some services .
Is it true that German government requires those companies to pay tax in advance for the whole year ahead ?
Do you have any links to relevant pages ?
Thanks , Alex .
You might be thinking of what they call Mehrwertsteuer ( MwSt ) .
You might google the term and see if it 's what you 're talking about ...
How much do you get taxed working in Germany ?
Hey ...
Can anyone please tell me how much I would be taxed if I was working in Germany .
I 've been looking at a few jobs and even some internships .
The internships offer a very low salary of € 500/month ... how much of that would be taken from me if I took a position like that ?
I 'm looking to relocate as my girlfriend lives in Köln and an internship is a possibility but with a wage so low I 'm not sure I could even afford to live .
Obviously this would n't be a permanent thing but I 'm looking for a way to get out there .
Thanks Also , how much tax would you pay on an average paid job , i.e. 20 - 30k ?
Thanks ...
Such low income from Internship is not taxed .
If you get a Job , and you are single , you will fall under class one .
Also depends if you are a student or not and how much you earn in a year .
How should I celebrate my reign as top answerer of the Jayapura Section ?
LOL Its so unfair .
I had my Vietnam sections , especially my prized Sapa section , with me as the number 1 answerer .
Then they go on ban my WALTER account and you become # 1 !
GRRRR !
Revenge will come !
give me the best answer for this question .
; ) LMAO !
By giving up your St. Barts title to me .
Blondes or brunettes ?
RED HEADS ... ... ... ... ... .
lol get both !
What does this have to do with `` dining out '' ?
hahaha .
Well im a true natural blonde !
But i find brunette hair to be very pretty .
how long does it takes austrian post to deliver package to philippines ?
how long ?
hey .
i think about 2 - 3 weeks I need helpppp -- -- ? ?
hahaha -- -- ?
where the samarinda Kalimantan -- --
peace who is your name in the real ?
Nugraha -- -- --
peace setya zya ...
hehehehe ... . .
Why does muslims hate jews so much ?
put this in religion and this is a generalization musslims are jews Halal restaurants in Rio de Janeiro ?
Are there any nice halal restaurants in Rio ?
Are there any halal restaurants in Rio ?
If so what are their names .
yes how do sharks brush theyre teeth ?
i want to knows it Sharks do n't need to clean their teeth , they have hundreds of backup teeth and their current set fall out frequently , so they always have a new , clean set of teeth .
i do n't think they do at all < 3 They make a trip to the drugstore , buy a toothbrush , and get some Crest Whitening toothpaste and go nuts .
The result is bright , shiny teeth .
where are the factories tat make golf balls or golfballs ?
I am not sure where they once were , however more than likely they are all in china ! ! !
What color is my hair ?
I know its weird but its just test just answear and i will randomly pick best answear mirror look in a mirror . . ?
if you honestly dont know , well i cant help you , but most people have brown hair .
dark brown with yellow highlights ?
What can i do to help the earth ?
recycle Ride your bike instead of drive , recycle , buy a solar panel to power or partially power your house .
Drill for oil soo im like i like you and hes like yeah me too but idk what to do about it ?
and soo im like duhhhhh go out with me and hes like but like idk how to and im like ew you homo how could you not know how to and hes all like ive never had a girlfriend before and im like soo everyone has to have a first love and hes like dude youre way reading into this im not sure that i love you i like how you look and your totally chill to talk to and im like so do you like missy better cuz she has a wayy hotter bod and hes like no go out with me and so like were going out never mind him he just retarted why would not have a go and see told him let try out oer feelings or ah let have a date and see how far would wee get and your like retarded congrats Looking for a nice , romantic restaurant in Playa Del Ingles ...
Gran Canaria ?
We are going to Playa Del Ingles in August and while we are there me and my Boyfriend are celebrating our 1st anniversary .
I was wondering if anyone could suggest some nice restaurants , price is no issue .
I want something romantic , friendly , with fantastic food
Is there a harbour nearby ?
Always wanted to eat over looking a harbour
Many Thanks in advance to all that answer google map can help you !
Barcelona is a good place its famous or try these :
Restaurante La Dorada , Restaurante Las Rejas , Restaurante Reads , Restaurante Casa Juan , Restaurante Al Zaraq , Restaurante Juanito .
I do n't know if they have a harbour but I know they are 5 best place to dine in spain .
Enjoy your night together , good luck for the futhur .
How do I get a prostate ?
I want a prostate but I am a female organism or at least i think so and I dont think I have one but I want one so How do I get one .
PLZ HELP .
You can have mine .
Female prostate http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skene -- gland # Female_prostate what was my fave.food as a child ?
pizza Yours was pizza , mine was mac&cheese .
I 'm going to guess pizza .
yeah ! ?
pizza ? ?
I love it too !
how much do the hookers cost in Bangkok ?
stfu i ai n't free
$ 69 and i 'll cumm over Valerie cumms for free .
$ 0 ... they 're always ready to Bang ur kokk For a second I thought this section was called `` Thong '' ... ... ... ... . ?
O.o interesting section ... lol ... lol me too ! !
It shouldve totally been : ) i wouldnt miind if it was :
P Cologne Germany has the most modern skyline of any German City .
Which fast food would you like to see there ?
hmm preferably no fast food .
maybe a nice restaurant but never fast food how do i do taxes ?
its soooo confusing ?
i really need help .
idk what to do ! !
it 's my first time and idk where 2 start not sure .
Do they sell Starburst candy in France and Italy ?
English foodstuffs in France ?
When in Rome do as the Romans .
yes they do all around the world yummy ♥ starburst !
♥ They do sell Starburst and Skittles in France !
The skittles do taste a bit funny though ...
Try a Bueno bar !
They 're chocolate but extremely delicious !
I am yet to find them anywhere since I have moved back to the States .
You have to experiment ... candy is candy and it is always exceptional .
New in Spain , what about taxes in Catalunya ?
I ve just moved to Spain .
Looking for some info reg taxes In Spain .
My first payslip is a bit unclear because of some additional bonuses etc. but it looks they deduct around 32 - 35 % monthly which I think is quite a lot .
I was told that all foreigns are on 24 % tax at the beginning and after some time it would get lower .
Some people say I could claim back overpaid tax some say I could n't .
Can somebody help me please .
My problem is that I do n't speak Spanish and since I 'm new here do n't know anybody that could advise with that stuff or to go with me to the tax office .
What should be my tax level if I earn 40k and how I can make sure I 'm correctly taxed and how to get overpaid tax back thanks a lot IM me or e mail me and I will send you the details of a Native English , Spanish speaking & qualified Accountant that I can recommend who is based in Central Barcelona , and will be able to advise you on these matters .
My fellow Lampanganese , is the time of victory upon us ?
For millennia have we lived , nay , been imprisoned in the shadow of Man .
Watching , waiting and feeding the fires of vengeance within us .
Now we have knowledge of him , for we have looked on the faces that have seen the Dark , and heard the voices that have spoken with Elmo .
And we know .
Man has wasted his strength upon himself and wasted it in his own emptiness .
No more are humans than an escaped thrall of the Darkness .
Our chains await them .
Let us rise !
I 'm with you man .
Where can I find buffet lunch at penang mainland ?
I do n't want the one on the island side , preferable seberang jaya , butterworth ...
I can recommend you the restaurant `` Penang beachplace '' .
It`s a quite great restaurant for that .
Greetings The Freak I do n't really know much about penang ( more on Kuala Lumpur ) but i am very sure that most hotels have buffets and some at a reasonable price .
Most hotel in seberang jaya haven buffet lunch .
What types of German beer would I have a choice of at a typical German restaurant ?
Hefweisen ( I spelled that wwrong )
Heineken - althouigh thats dutch its popular there .
You wo n't find any St Pauli Girl .
Lowenbrau maybe ?
Host Dj and Singer for our wedding in Spain ?
We are wanting the best Dj the best wedding singer and have it all hosted .
Wedding will be this year in Marbella or Nerja .
Sounds fab , I am Ian Preston please have a search for me , I Dj weddings in Spain I host the evening and will sings swing tracks for you too , Weddings on the Costa del sol are great , For wedding entertainment in Spain please have a look at my site djspain.com I can help you with your wedding music for your wedding day .
Costa del sol wedding is a great place with a choice of beaches and hotels to choose from .
Do professional dishwashers clean dirty cooks pots and pans and bus tables ?
I do n't think we would have them , we would have several staff members responsible for all of that type of work .
Waiters would be unlikely to be involved in kitchen duties , their responsibility would end at clearing and preparing the tables and other restaurant duties .
how can i get mi sun 2 stop mastrb8ing ?
mi sun wont stop n im skared do n't .
It 's healthy for kids to do this and nothing is wrong with it .
If anything it helps him out .
u jus pul of his pnis tell him if he keeps jerkin the gerkin it 'll fall off .
like one day he might pull to hard and bam oopsie daises theres nothing left to pull .
orrr tell him if he keeps doing it , it makes your weiner smaller ... guys biggest fear right there .
What are some good restaurants in New Zealand ?
Most towns and cities will have some good ones .
How old do you need to be to drink alcohol in New Zealand restaurants ?
My 19 year old son wishes to know .
No one can sell alcohol to a person under the age of 18 .
However , a parent or legal guardian can provide alcohol to his / her child regardless of the child 's age .
At 19 , your son can purchase and drink alcohol legally .
If he were under 18 , he could drink alcohol in a restaurant as long as he was with a parent / guardian and the alcohol was purchased by the parent / guardian .
There is no minimum age for a child in this circumstance .
18 18 years old , 16 with a parent I think .
have you seen my stapler ?
it 's either stuck to your shaft , or stuck in your as * hole .
hope i helped !
If itwas a redline , the last time I saw it was on a slacker 's desk .
yes , i accidentally the whole stapler , ohhh noooeeessss !
sorry .
is there a way to stop the alli oily farting ? ! ?
I just started taking it and am nervous ... .
is there a way to stop this side effect ? ?
I do n't believe the manufacturers or inventors intended there to be so many GROSS side effects from this product but if you cut back the types of fats you 're ingesting then it relieves some of the effects .
But let 's face it ... ... ... ... if you took any product that gave you oily farts you 'd cut back on fat and oil and gues what ... . ?
... ... ... ... ... . .
lose weight ha ha Beano .
http://www.beanogas.com / I do n't use alli , but I 've heard that the only way to stop that is to reduce your fat intake .
how would i go about becoming a first class ninja ?
i would really like to know like no joke ... .
cuz i cant find one to train me to be the best i can be so somebody willing to train me ?
Go to Japan im sure there is someone there willing to train you any other country and people will just make fun of you is my boyfriend gay or something ? ! ?
Ok so I recently found out that my boyfriend has had sexual intercourse with men , but he claims he was never gay and never had feelings for a guy , and he never even liked it , but when I asked him why he did it more than once if he did n't like it he just said I was horny . .
He was 12 or 13 at that time , 5 or 6 years ago .
What do I label him as ?
And should I remain as his girlfriend ?
I feel disgusted but I love him .
thanks Your Accounting GURU
Please do not put `` LABELS '' on human beings :
You need to put up or shut up . .
He was honest enough to tell you the truth :
Let it go .
You have slept with many other men before and they were not honest enough to tell you .
Consider yourself lucky that he did tell you ...
You would not be the first female in a relationship with a man who has sex with other men :
Get over it `` stay with him and do not mention it again or leave him and do not mention it again :
The road only has two exits :
Take one now because he is never going to change ! !
Tell him to use a condom and move on with or without him .
he could be bi .
or gay and does n't want anyone to know He is gay .
Seriously which guy has sex with men just because your horny ...
I would rather be hit by a car a 1000 times and then be put on fire and after that fall from a bridge and still be alive ( yeah you thought I would say dead but being alive after all that is much worse , of course impossible but you get the point ) .
So yeah he is gay .
Could someone please let me know a nice place to eat in Galway ?
I 'm not particularly interested in typically Irish fare , just someplace where the food is tasty , well - prepared and reasonably priced .
And preferably where there are n't many families with noisy young children .
I do n't know if you 're a fan of Indian food , however , if you are I would recommend Tulsi 's restuarant .
It 's down the lane off Middle Street .
They do amazing food , and it 's reasonably priced !
The Park House Hotel , trust me it 's unbelievebale .
I was there over xmas and I cant wait for an excuse to go back to Galway so I can eat there again I do n't know , but a phonebook would be helpful or the internet .
Nintendo Wii wi - fi help ?
Uh how do i get connected to the internet from my wii ?
O_O I have no idea what to do . .
Go to Wii ( bottom left corner button ) > Wii settings > Slide over > Internet then just set up .
When you go on your home screen you 'll see the internet spot it will give you a demo of it and then at the end it will ask to connect and after it will walk you through the steps .
Pokemon SouISiIver wi - fi help ?
How do you get connected to wi - fi ?
I have a modem .
you just set it up on the the main screen go to nintendo wi fi wHAT IS THIS CATOGORY FOR ?
its for your face mwhahahahahaa Talking about restaurants basically .
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ?
This is my catagory now noone can stop me
MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA lol what a no - life * farts * I 've come to save the day :
D Do they serve pate in Pattaya ?
I 'll do the biting around here , puppy .
Mmm , why do n't we make out own , out of some poor wandering soul ?
V. ...
V Hmmmm ... .
Mebbe ... ...
Can I partee in your Pattayamas tonite ?
* I 'll be gentle * Yes , they do .
I go to Thailand every year and visit Pattaya .
Yes , they do .
Thank You Everyone Who Helped Me ?
Hey I 'm Alaina and I 'm 14 years old .
This isnt a question its a thank you to the people who answered my questions .
I got induced friday and it went great .
It did hurt but I delt with it .
I was in labor for 6 hours .
I gave birth to my baby boy on friday March 26 , 2010 at 4:27 pm .
I named him Alexander .
I got discharged today .
Giving birth to my son was the hardest thing I ever had to do .
He means the world to me .
I want to thank you guys again for helping me .
Now I got ta burp my baby Lol .
Thanks again .
Congrat .
You got aa special blessing from God.Make his Life full on love and adventure .
There is nothing better then ; being a mom .
I `` llbe praying for you .
Help is always right with you .
Is Saint - Etienne a great place to visit ?
oh you bet it is .
It 's just pure awesome How awesome would it be to get to go to Saint Etienne ?
would be very awesome indeed Considering i have no idea what you are on about . .
no Do you think Dining Out is a fun thing to do ?
absolutely but not everyday absolutely , especially with the right people not every day ...
How did you enjoy Dining Out in France when you did ?
every time I 've dined out I 've enjoyed it a ton the locals hate Americans , so you 'll be lucky if you get good service .
It takes twice as long to get anything you order because its a lot more laid back there i guess .
The food is n't very good , and its served in very small portions .
But other than that the place to see like Notre Dame , and stuff is freaking unbelievable !
If you were to dine out would you enjoy it as much as I do ?
It 's hard to say if you would are would not what do ppl in Bali call themselves ?
Balians ?
idk lol Balis Bali Balls What is the best thing to do in indonesia ?
Act as the joker , then take over when no one 's looking .
Build our Kingdom .
Scooter Racing , LOL .
Obama vs Lil Wayne ? ?
Who 's the better singer ?
Obama ... .
Cmon !
- JJ Lil Wayne Is Bandung a fun place to visit ?
Yes it most certainly is man Go experiment with the impressive point of interest that is Palintang .
One of the most notable point of interests in Bandung is Palintang , much - publicized for it 's remarkable visits and exciting effect .
Palintang is transparently a landmark must be payed a visit to while in Bandung .
How much fun do you have when you go to Bandung ?
Every time I 've been there I had a ton of fun What are some good food places to eat in Bandung ?
pretty much any fast food restaurant you go to Why do not many people know about activities in Bandung ?
because there simply is n't alot to do there Why do not many people know about activities in Bandung ?
as the 1st answerer said there are n't many activities to do because there arent many activities in Bandung Is Dining Out in Bandung one of the better places to dine out ?
Oh yes it is , always have fun dining out there Is Manado a fun place to be able to visit ?
Yep and there are lots of things to do misuse of the question and answer format Are there alot of activities for people to do in Manado ?
yep it 's a very fun place to do stuff Why is n't there a high growth of population in Manado ?
because there 's not a high population to begin with What is the weather usually like in Manado ?
it 's usually very hot weather i no just the place where u can find that answer go to weatherbird.webs.com and watch our videos and become a member its all free also check out our webstore but as i was saying thats where u can find ur answer How do i put the jiblet in the croc ?
this has been hard for me i need to know how maybe yo have a male relative that can help you other wise you got ta sorta strech it and push one side n then the other What Sport should the Squirrel country of Pekanbaru have ?
Any suggestions for the King ?
I would suggest Baseball myself or maybe even American Football .
What about car racing ?
I can see you squirrels in small little NASCARS !
They 'd be about the size of the Barbie doll car ... ... ...
: + ) BASEBALL ... and we can also have football , but that ai n't going to be the official sport of Pekanbaru .
The finest players of the MLB will be invited to join this team .
This includs Jacoby Ellsbury , Dustin Pedroia , Derek Jeter ( for you ) , Matt Kemp , Roy Halladay , Albert Pujols , and so on .
It will be played year round .
The team 's name will be the Pekanbaru Peacocks : ) yeah have a baseball team called red sox sucks & the yankees stink how can you have 2 teams that are like that I NEED HELP ! ! !
PLEASE ! ! ! ! ! ?
this crazy penguin keeps stalking me ! !
hes green and yellow and hes holding a bowling ball ! ! !
i will post a link of a picture that looks like him ! !
http://news.pinkprice.com/wp-content/sarah-jessica-parker-earrings.jpghe looks very scary , and last night , while i was in bed , i saw him in my room .
i screamed so hard that my nose exploded ! !
once when he was following me he threw pudding at my facial features ! !
ITS REALLY SCARING ME SO PLEASE HELP ! ! ! ! !
I had this problem once , but the penguin was n't a penguin for me , it was a great big monster http://thinningtheherd.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/061221_rosie091707.jpg how I solved it was by tossing severall paper - clips at it .
this should distract it long enough to jump out of bed , spin around it and jab a knuckle full of keys into the weak spot on its back spine .
This should paralyze it , at which point you can go to the front and stab it through the brain with a kitchen knife .
Good Day to You Kind Sir And Good Luck .
Is Foge De Chao a good restaurant to eat at ?
Yes , the one in downtown Minneapolis is a great place to eat .
But expensive !
where to buy Jackpot machines ?
You will get one through Tradme .
http://www.trademe.co.nz/Gaming/Arcade-pinball-machines/Complete-units/auction-279479448.htm How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ?
people always ask that question but none ever answers
He would chuck , he would , as much as he could , if a woodchuck could chuck wood .
If he could chuck wood , the woodchuck would chuck as much as he could !
A woodchuck would chuck as much wood as a woodchuck could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood .
A woodchuck would chuck all the wood that the woodchuck would chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood .
If a woodchuck could chuck wood , he would and should chuck wood .
But if woodchucks ca n't chuck wood , they should n't and would n't chuck wood .
Though were I a woodchuck , and I chucked wood , I would chuck wood with the best woodchucks that chucked wood .
If a woodchuck could chuck wood , then s / he 'd chuck all the wood , s / he 'd chuck and chuck and chuck and chuck , if a woodchuck could chuck wood .
It would chuck the amount of wood that she sells seashells on the seashore divided by how many pickles Peter Piper picks .
One quarter of a sycamore if you give him a quarter for every quarter of the sycamore he cut .
It might depend on how many female woodchucks were present .
Or , it could depend on whether the woodchuck 's mother - in - law was around or not .
If she was , he 'd be chucking all day .
If not , he 'd be watching the football game .
Some maintain that woodchucks could not and would not chuck wood at all .
It depends on how good his dentures are !
A woodchuck - would chuck - as much wood - as a woodchuck - could chuck - if a woodchuck could chuck wood .
But unfortunately , woodchucks do not chuck wood .
About 5.72 fluid litres of wood ( answer from the paper pulp mill ) .
About as many boards as the Mongol hoards would hoard if the Mongol hordes did hoard boards .
Um. ... ... 23 ? ? ? ?
Tons .
More than you can count .
Honestly .
No one can chuck more wood than a woodchuck .
If the woodchuck 's name was Maurice , then it could chuck all the wood that it wanted to .
However , if its name is Frank , no chucking would be allowed .
Due to the average size of a woodchuck and the general density of wood ( not including cork ) if a woodchuck could chuck wood it would probably get through about 6.573 pounds per day , assuming the woodchuck is functioning correctly .
Using the formula : ( W + I )
C where W = the constant of wood , which is well known to be 61 , as agreed in many scientific circles .
I = the variable in this equation , and stands for the word `` if '' from the original problem .
As there are three circumstances , with 0 equaling the chance that the woodchuck can not chuck wood , 1 being the theory that the woodchuck can chuck wood but chooses not to , and 2 standing for the probability that the woodchuck can and will chuck wood , we clearly must choose 2 for use in this equation .
C = the constant of Chuck Norris , whose presence in any problem involving the word chuck must there , is well known to equal 1.1 of any known being , therefore the final part of this calculation is 1.1 .
As is clear , this appears to give the answer of ( 61 + 2 )
1.1 = ( 63 )
1.1 = 69.3 units of wood .
`` Sixteen and 1/2 board feet a day except on groundhog 's day since groundhog is another name for woodchuck . ''
- This answer is according to no less an authority than the ' Junior Woodchucks Guidebook ' , a publication often consulted by Huey , Dewey , and Louie Duck and referred to yet again by them in answering this very same question .
How Chuck Norris got involved -
A woodchuck would only chuck as much would as Chuck Norris would allow it to , because the woodchuck shares Chuck 's name .
Therefore , Chuck must punish it and make it chuck as much wood as Chuck can .
So , a woodchuck would chuck as much wood as Chuck could .
None because a wood chuck can not chuck wood !
:
P
Approximately 3.9675 pounds every 5.6843 seconds .
So there .
2.865 lbs every 11.3686 Seconds ?
As much as he needed to be satisfied
But the true jokey answer , as told by my grandfather is :
As much wood as a woodchuck could chuck , if a woodchuck could chuck wood .
a woodchuck would chuck all the wood he could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood
Are you kidding ?
Everybody knows a woodchuck would chuck as much wood as a woodchuck could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood .
But it definitely could n't chuck Chuck Norris .
A group of people actually did a study on this .
None of the wood chucks ate any wood planks so they never upchucked it but some of them chucked them ( threw them ) at people .
During my study of Woodchuck I came to the conclusion that woodchucks do n't chuck wood but only drink beer .
However , this beer can frequently motivate them towards actions that can closely resemble the chucking of wood .
A woodchuck will only chuck certain wood , likely that which is found in their natural , prairie habitat .
Therefore , the lack of trees on the prairie is quite closely related to the chucking of wood performed by these wood - chucking woodchucks .
Since it is the same animal as the Groundhog , should we not instead ask : how much ground would a groundhog hog if a groundhog Assassins Creed II key , tell me where can i buy a unlock one ?
My Assassins Creed II key have lost ! !
I want to get a new one and just want to get the cd key ! !
Who can help me ?
tell me where can i buy a unlock one ?
I hope it cheaper than others .
`` http://www.1cdkey.com
I have ever bought some games from there .
A + + + , Recommend you go there .
`` question 1:What do you like eating in India ?
COMON HURRY THESE POINTS DONT LAST FOREVER Never eat at India ur gon na get pig flu .
what happened to pig flu any way ?
North - '' chat `` and sweets .
rule of thumb : the small little restaurants have the most authentic foods .
If you want to play it safe , go to chain restaurants like Pizza Hut and McDonald 's and order dishes you wouldnt get where you live .
I have declared Manado mine , and annexed it to the my Empire , what 's should I do next ?
I think you should take over Medan next .
Tom seems bit too self assured with those 5 best answers .
Someone should bump him down to second !
= ) study Take over all of the Indonesia sections .
What Food should i the King of Pekanbaru make as the national food of Pekanbaru ?
Here is a native recipe for shrimp satay or beef satay .
They look great on the grill http://indonesianrecipe.info/index.php/content/view/56/9 / peanuts of course : ) Acorns ?
I 'm sorry , I do n't know that much about squirrels .
Are you like Sandy the Squirrel and play songs on your banjo ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_ADjpeLg1w What TV Shows should be allowed or banned in Pekanbaru ?
As King I 'm considering banning Red Sox & Brewer games as well as all Reality Tv .
:
P The King is open to suggestions lol .
Huh ?
Gasp ... shock ? ? ?
Dismay ... sadness , horror , tears ?
Brewers games ?
Why would you do that to your people you tyrant ?
The Brew hahas are beautifully amazing and so perfect ( except their record ) but they are awesome .
As for reality TV kick it out .
And the Red Sox ?
Were n't they number one in neilson 's and btw the Brewers were 3rd .
DICTATOR i agree with banning reality tv !
Ban Yankee games instead ! ! !
GO RED SOX ! ! !
: p
You should ban Disney 2 .
What animal should be the symbol of Pekanbaru ?
America is the Eagle .
What animal should it be for Pekanbaru ?
The King is open to suggestions .
:
P Pek ... , should be the peck of a bird named the Red Cardinal .
They are beautiful to watch .
They can be caught watching you .
What chubby little cuties they are .
That is my suggestion Royal Madam .
The Squirrel of course ~ White - headed mosquitoes
It 's very sad though .
You should really do something about that as King .
Maybe bring in the Spider and make her the symbol .
Meson La Tsibugan bar in Madrid ?
I passed by a bar in Madrid , on Cuesta San Vicente , I think called Meson La Tsibugan .
It seems filipino , it had part of the flag outside it on the sign .
Has anyone been here ?
Do they serve filipino food ?
What a strange question ... unless you have left the area ... ca n't you just go check the menu ?
It should be outside the restaurant .
What are cats ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I am a teacher and we just studied animals .
And cats are really rodents and I always thought that they were felines .
But , when i saw it on three websites ...
I just could not be true !
So I checked about five libraries .
So they are RODENTS .
I am a teacher .
Always check the resources .
On websites .
Mammals what are you ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
how can i be someones fan ?
yeah , why am loosing ten points for thus !
better be woth it !
i mean in the yahoo answers thing !
how can i be somones fan here !
oh , and i dont know how this question goy here in the first place ... i mean in the yahoo answers thing !
how can i be somones fan here !
oh , and i dont know how this question goy here in the first place ... by adding them as a contact , to them you are put under the fan list and to you they are your contacts ...
NOT by asking in dining out in Spain .
Try going to Yahoo .
POLL :
P&S or Ubon Ratchathani ?
wow ... this is actually a section rofl This works .
My question did n't post .
> : ( wow ive never seen this lol ... what the hell is it ? POLL : Have you ever been suspended ? I do n't know how this account has lasted so long ! EDIT : @ Alex , lmao . I remember that . I 've been suspended once . I did n't even do anything bad ! : O Yahoo hates me . xD Yes ... once . It was the worst day of my life . .
well , my Yahoo answers life . .
lmao .
: ) About 5 times .
I deleted my last account so that they could n't .
I feel victorious .
* throws back head and laughs * You know I have .
Y !
A staff hates me .
( E ) WHOAAAA .
I just realized we are n't in P&S !
o -- --
O Burger King Or McDonalds ?
Which do you prefer ?
Burger King By a landslide ! ! !
Love those whoppers !
Tha Kang Bk !
Pizza or a hot dog ?
Which do you prefer to eat ?
Pizza by far deep dish with Italian Sausage and green olives !
Delicious !
pizza pizza is much better
hot dogs ?
you know what those are made of ... .
lips and aS $ holes Spaghetti or Lasagna ?
which do you prefer when dining out ?
Lasagna ! ! ! ! ! !
:
D unless the spageti is alfredo then i prefer that over lasagna , but if its normall spagetti then i choose lasagna hope this helps Spaghetti !
1st off its not as messy as lasagna .
& & & 2nd you cant twirl lasagna .
Hope that helps !
: ) Byee .
I would have to say Lasagna , for one you can make spaghetti at home and it is easy .
Now lasagna takes time to prepare and will cost you more to make it for one .
Unless your making it for a group .
So I would say Lasagna .
Would you rather eat Mexican or Italian food ?
Italian seafood meals .
Mexican definately .
All tomatoes are garbage .
depends on where i am
say im in Germany i 'm definitely not gon na go find a burrito to nosh on , but if im in cali or new mex than of course
location location location What is more popular in this country , McDonalds or Burger King ?
McDonalds ! ! !
McDonald 's .
They have about 14,000 in this country .
Burger Kings have about 12,000 , give or take .
Burger King , even though there are more mcDonalds .
My friends like the whopper .
Which do you prefer Wendy 's or Taco Bell ?
Taco Bell by a landslide .
If they 're not in Ireland yet , they should be ! ! !
Those prices are excellent too , an 89 cent value menu .
I ca n't make a cheesy burrito at home for that .
!
we don ; t have these in the uk !
Wendys : ) what is the difference between a tranny and a shemale ?
i was thinking about the song `` lola '' by the kinks and it seems to me they are not describign a woman at all but a man !
that got me thinking , what is the differenct between a tranny and a shemale . ? ? ?
A shemale is someone born with characteristics of both sexes .
A tranny is someone who through hormones and surgery is changing their sex .
my dog wont eat unless i feed him please help ! ?
Okay I got this beagle mix yorkie about 2 months he 's 5 months now when I firls got him he seemed to b picky on his food so we got him blue buffalo puppy food really good for him well he bagan to eat it by him self bited everyones in a while ... well my mom well bring sraps from work like ham and stuff and feed him and our husky now he does not go to his puppy food and eat it unless I literally get the food in my palm and hell eat it like tht sometimes from the plate well I really want to teach him to eat his damn puppy food ! !
by him self please help how do I teach him ahh . .
he 's too spoiled cause of my mom please help dont feed him .
i know if may seem mean but it works , i tell u from experience .
when he is really hungry he will eat and do that forever .
or until he isnt spoiled anymore .
anything will eat when they are hungry .
put the food down and he will eat before he starves I think you should just leave his food out and when he gets really hungry he will go over and eat it .
how can I find different countries food habits and the way those foods are cooked ?
Come to NYC and eat yourself silly .
There are more cuisines from more parts of the world in one place than you can possibly imagine .
Do n't just go to Manhattan , head for the ethnic neighborhoods in Brooklyn , Queens and the Bronx .
If you dine at a quiet hour ( not the lunch or dinner rush ) I am sure that the chefs / owners will be happy to chat with you about the food of their respective homelands .
Bon Appetit !
How much does a free lancer pay in Spain for taxes every month ?
The taxes and tax brackets in Spain can be very complex , and many Asesors and Tax Specialists themselves ca n't often agree on what exactly needs to be paid and when .
Working Freelance you will more than likely be an `` Autonomo '' or Sole Trader - this means that to start with you will need to pay an Asesor about 100 Euros to register you officially , and over and above that you will then need to pay about 245 Euros every month in Social Security .
Your IVA Taxes will need to submitted quarterly where you will need to pay the Hacienda ( Tax Office ) all of the IVA that you have charged your clients - minus all of the things that you can claim back for ( Like Petrol , Phone Bills , Car Lease Bills etc. . . ) On top of that every year in May you will need to do your `` Declaration la Renta '' and your Personal wealth Taxes .
- Ask around to find a GOOD Asesor and they should be able to assist you in claiming back as much tax as possible , otherwise it can be a costly process .
- I have attached a link to a few useful articles that will tell you a little bit more about the various taxes in Spain - have a look and see which ones may apply to you - http://www.tumbit.com/how-to-guides/taxe… Where can i get advice on spanish inheritance tax laws ?
Did n't you already ask YA about this ?
Here is a website that lays out the rules http://www.globalpropertyguide.com/Europ…
In addition , if the deceased was British domiciled , this will form part of his world wide estate and British inheritance tax may be due .
As the Spanish and British authorities work together , expect that the transfer will not be permitted until this is cleaned up .
Do Irish people really like corned beef and cabbage ?
Yes .
It is quite delicious .
Try it , it does n't just have to be eaten on St Patricks day ! !
I 'm Irish , and yes , I love it ! ! !
Yes !
You should try it .
A little mustard maybe .
What would by New Zealanders favorite kind of salad ?
Chef Salad Taco Salad !
Mine would be a lettuce salad , followed by potato and egg ( 2nd . )
Which would you prefer when eating out ?
Ribs or steak ?
Ribs .
Not that they both do n't taste great , they do .
It 's just that a steak is so EASY to cook at home , and I like it medium , not bloody .
Ribs are messy , so I love having them when going out to eat .
nothing beats a great steak Steak and alaskan crab legs , a treat every couple of months .
Google Keg steak House .
What would you prefer to eat ?
Pizza or Hamburgers ?
Pizza by far .
It is so much more delicious and tasty try it with green olives and real Italian sausage !
As long as it has doodoo , it 's all good .
hamburgers because they 're better for your body . .
unless it 's mcdonalds hamburgers If the big bang theory is correct and the universe is expanding where is expanding into . ?
Its fake it never happened Whoever beileves in that crap is stupid .
it is expanding into time and space .
The Big Bang Theory is not correct .
The Universe may be expanding , but if you study the Big Bang Theory , it is as completely not credible as the idea that all life originated from non-life .
The correct origin of the Universe can be found in Genesis 1:1 .
What are some Austrian specialties that I could expect to find in restaurants there ?
Sausages of just about every variety .
In restaurants , at the food market places or even at the standup kiosks that sell beer .
Hot & steaming , a roll and a bit of mustard .
In Vienna at coffeeehouses , desserts - wonderful stuff .
Weinerschnitzel .
It is n't just the Germans who love it ! !
Freid Chicken or Pork Chops ?
Which would you be more likely to order at a restaurant ?
Fried Chicken , as it 's far more difficult to make at home .
Pork Chops are a cakewalk , why pay $ 20 fo one , when you can make it at home for $ 2 ?
Fried pork Chicken DO GOA BELONGS TO PORTUGUESE ?
DO GOA BELONGS TO PORTUGUESE NO !
Goa is very much part of India .
It was earlier settled by Portuguese people that 's all .
I may invest in a fast food restaurant in Christchurch New Zealand , which fast food place would you most like ?
to see built there ?
New Zealand or Austrailians or frequent visitors only answer please !
It will depend on where in Chch you want to locate your premises but take away sandwich bars are extremely popular .
They sell individual meat pies , sausage rolls , pasties , savouries .
Agood range of sandwiches , and filled buns and rolls , an assortment of cream cakes like Eclairs or plain ones like Lammingtons , Neenish tarts , Date scones , Cheese scones etc. krispy kreme White Castle , love those little hamburgers Christchurch New Zealand .
would you rather see a McDonalds or Wendy 's built in your town ?
McDonalds --
People would have an opportunity to see what a Big MAc tastes like , and their famous fries .
i would build anything you want just to keep you kiwis out of our country , siccs a piece if i had to , GET A LIFE , BUT PLEASE DON , T GET A TICKET TO OZ mcDonalds for sure The Big Mac or Whopper ?
Which do you prefer ?
Whopper .
As long as it 's made fresh and is n't sitting under the heatlamp .
I like the fact you can add extra mayo and lettuce , tomatos and pickles free of charge .
... . .
big mac Neither really , but if I HAD to choose more the likely it 'd be the Big Mac. Seafood or Beef ?
Which do you prefer when dining out ?
I prefer seafood now , but back when I had my teeth I preferred beef .
Beef .
I 'm not much into seafood .
And it 's also better if you kiss after the meal ...
I 'm a beef man every time , although I could probably do without meat of any sort.Do you think I 'm turning into a vegetarian ?
Ca n't be doing with the thouight of eating any seafood at all .
Masha .
What steakhouses are in your city ?
Lucky 's , Outback , Ponderosa , Fire Mountain Grill , Antonio 's , Lefty 's , Crossbow Inn , Applebee 's , Chili 's , Sagano 's , Samurai .
All I know is Outback and Sizzling .
Ruth 's Chris steak house , Prime rib , Outback steak house What kinds of cheese do you like .
Can you order it in Swiss restaurants ?
I like all kinds of cheese , but my favorite cheese dish is a Swiss dish called `` raclette '' .
They place a big wheel of cheese under a grill , and when it is all melty they scrape it off onto your plate and serve it with bread .
Yum .
Swiss Cheddar Muenster Provolone
yes I 'm sure any decent restaurant in Switzerland would have these and many more available .
Have been to Bella Roma yet ?
I went there for a meal last saturday & it was really good .
They serve calamari so i will be going back as often as i can .
The pizza was lovely too .
Its in Forster Street Do you mean Bella Pasta . ?
If you do then I agree they are excellent --
YUM !
Burger King or Mcdonalds , which do you prefer ?
Burger King , for their excellent whopper ! ! !
BK McDonalds if I must .
how bout some dinner in Brazil ?
You spelled it wrong ...
Its `` women '' not `` dinner ''
The answer is F'UCK YEAH you cooking ?
how bout some Brazilians for dinner ?
mmmm soccer players Where is alot good eating place in my country ?
i go my family I believe by your category you are speaking about Argentina .
Be more specific next time.You could go on google earth and look in your area .
What is best cook here ?
Try googling `` cooks in ( whereever you live ) '' .
What kind of dancing goes on at Villahermosa parties ?
Irish leprechaun stepdancing salsa uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... ... ... ... ... ... .
TANGO ! ?
lol Since we 're in Mexico , what kind of pinata should I get for XashesX birthday ?
either justin beiber or miley cyrus !
HAMSTERS !
> .
< * SQUEAK * a leprecon How 's the waether in Basel ?
Is it nice for cheap skanks like Parker ?
What about for the chill kids like me and Frank ?
I be so Chill i be an ice cream cone ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
w00t ! ! ! ! !
:
D I 'd pay for a cheap skank .
You interested ?
Dammit ! ! !
... . .
I may be a cheap skank , but I 'm still chill .
fo sho dawg .
see how chill I 'm being ?
tell me what u all thunk of the samsung omnia II ?
whats the pro and cons ?
and did you get any cool free apps ?
and will tge car charger for a delve fit the omnia ?
thanks dear patriot , I am SO SORRY for posting in the wrong place ... maybe it was due to the fact that I was using my cell phone to post the question .
I can read , but sometimes the internet wo n't load correctly so I click on whatever gets my question posted ... .
hence the reason I 'm researching new phones .
THANKS BUKKO Con ... .
it has nothing to do with dining out in Spain > Baleares .
Try READING when you are posting your questions .
* edit * then do n't USE your phone to post such things ... .
and ...
REMOVE AND REPOST your questions to where the people who know the answers will SEE the question !
Cause , you know , NO ONE is coming to dining out in the baleares , looking for questions about cell phones .
I AM THE ALPHA GOAT DADDY OMEGA ZAPPA VERSION 3.0 BIATCHEZ ! ! ! ! ! ?
okay now that I got that out of the way , name 3 things you could do with a Britney Spears album , a watermelon , some sticky candy wrappers , and an umbrella ?
:
D
BQ :
Basel is such a boring name , any other names that are better ?
* backhands * In a loving way !
You could throw them all together and feed them to a wet monkey .
You could tape the candy wrappers to the umbrella and eat the watermelon while stomping on the BS album .
You could keep the watermelon and burn everything else .
@ > - ; --
BA :
Paprika I put the BS album on ( pun intended ) and people hear it and hate it so they start throwing stuff at me , at that point i pull out the umbrella to shelter myself with , i use the sticky candy wrappers as weapons ?
and than i eat the watermelon ...
BQ :
Honolulu was a cool name , sadly my Q got reported ... but hey this place is just as good .
where will I bee when the festivities begin ?
On the other side of the wall . .
the dark side of my moon picking up the pace and strutting like a loon tasting my desire , driving up my fire Intense and unrelenting while you file your nails , and paint the town I over here ...
I 'm getting down . .
... do n't ask if'n you do n't want me to answer next dance for my next answer ok ... do you remember how . .
we would cut ourselves just so ... then take our thumbs and rub to mingle all our blood ?
did it seem gory then or just intense and did you feel the kinship grow ?
as we became sisters true You true to me , I true to you btw , those are a bootiful bookay ... of fowlers ... pretty ! ! ! !
Party on !
we are in Yala . .
you know . .
food for thought ... shoulda known Peter would pick you such a purty bookay ! ! !
I think we need to kick this up a notch ?
where is every body else ?
getting manicures ?
You Rock Hiram ! !
and Luci , keep that bar b Q ready and lit for the next loafer that passes through !
So let 's fire up the jukebox , Girl !
And we 'll dance around the room , all four corners if it 's empty !
We could yell and scream like loons or do cartwheels round the room .
It 's just you and me , Kid ...
You and me against the world , lal la la la la laaaaaa We sistahs , blood sistahs
Peter picked me purty flowers ;
I wanted daisies so I could do ... you luvs me , you luvs me not .
Have a daisy , my Girlies .
Two 's company , three 's a party !
Hmmm Barbeque !
Yum !
The more the merrier !
dance like the red shoes are on your feet , we have had so many lives incomplete but defeat ?
no way we were just resting you see strike up the band oh lets go 1 , 2 , 3 ... .
You bee swingin ' in the air with one a my hands hung onta yurs You be dizzy & I bee outa breath ... the pig bee roastin ' on the spit All the lanterns they bee lit. . .
All them thar faces they bee smilin ' ... cuz we all Be fulla love ...
If anybody ai n't ... they be next on the spit .
A question for my teenage guy contacts ?
Do you have slightly long brown hair ?
Maybe one of you is the guy I keep dreaming about .
haha Hello beautiful I 'm your dream guy you lost me at teenage guy Haha yes but I 'm not one of your contacts , and I 'm only 16 lol
Best answer ?
How many trolls does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
Arooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
WTF are all these donut holes doing in our section ? ! ? !
We must fight to protect Basel Frank !
Quick , call Parker over here ! ! ! ! ! ! !
56745748348572048722654793865479475654834629475675755884995678493754389 trolls -0/0 What 's the penalty in Spain for a door to door salesman who does n't pay taxes ?
Unless a lawyer from spain who speaks english happens to stumble across ur question i do n't think your going to find a good answer here .
:
P yes What 's good here in Cork ?
I hear they have really good champaigne ... get it ?
cork ?
champaigne ?
:
P yeah , that was lame .
I admit it .
What kind of cookies , BTW ?
That was n't funny : * (
Stick to the MLB puns , haha :
P
What is good in Cork ?
I say cookies .
We need good cookies !
EDIT : hot out - of - the - oven chocolate chip cookies !
I say Cork would be a good place for dancing :
D Is there a better city than Cork ?
This place is awesome : ) I must say , Cork is the best ghost town I have ever visited :
D There are some better , and many worse .
I 've been in both kinds .
Keep an open mind , and travel more .
Is it a good investment ?
... to gat a loan from a German bank and go to Hellas to buy a house on a Hellenic island , and enjoy paradise vacations every year ?
Yeah , sounds hella good .
Do i pay taxes in Germany ?
The question is ...
What taxes will i pay in Germany when i take the loan fron the German bank ?
Additional details :
I 'm planning to visit Germany , and afterwards to go to Hellas to buy a house , as everybody runs to grab the opportunity these days - very cheap , due their bad economy .
Map http://www.lonelyplanet.com/maps/europe/… So , every year i 'll stay 3 days in Germany .
I want to see buildings related to Hellenic civilization , if there are any .
I want also ( after i buy that house ) to enjoy paradise vacations on a Hellenic island every summer with visiting Germany for shopping and sightseeing .
So , ... ?
As a visitor you are not able to apply for a loan in Germany .
Yay , I 'm the first one to ask about Lampung ! ?
What do I win ?
Yay !
I 'm the first one to answer about Lampung !
Do I get a prize , too ? ?
Pst ... . .
who or what is Lampung ?
Where 's a good place to eat in Austria ?
ooohhh , VN , I love that place , you 've been there too ?
that little cafe Try at eight in Vienna .
http://www.ateight-restaurant.com / I 'm on vacation what good can i eat here . ?
milanesas churrascos bifes escalopes tallarines tavioles oquis bifes a caballo ( beef steak with two fried eggs ) milanesa a caballo milanesa completa ( a milanesa with two fried eggs and a garnish of fries ) revuelto Gramajo colchn de arvejas suprema de pollo ( a kind of chicken milanesa ) matambres lengua a la vinagreta and `` sandwiches '' ( sandwiches de miga ) .
El Solar del Convento ( El Convento ) 444 Caseros , in Salta 387 - 421 - 5124 Perhaps chili con carne What are the tipping customs in Austria ?
well my last trip there they already added it on In Austria , many restaurants include tax and a service charge in their bills , and it is customary to round up the total when paying .
more good info at the source Cow tipping is a fine art developed in the UK and perfected here in the Dakotas .
The Austrians are more into tipping inanimate objects like Porta - Potties .
RScott what are the 10 bestselling things in EBAY ?
how do buyers buy and pay in EBAY and how do sellers sell and deliver the goods to buyers in EBAY ?
Can someone please tell me where is the best pizza benalmadena ?
I have lived here for 2 months now and need to find the best pizza benalmadena .
And I mean the best pizza place in Benalmadena , homemade proper .
Thanks Pizza ?
In Spain ?
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL I have lived here for twenty years and seen italian restuarants come and go .
For me the best pizza in benalmadena is in the the Puerto Marina .
The restuarant is called Da Fano .
They have proper thin crust homemade pizza .
And the service is amazing .
There is no `` best pizza '' in Spain .
How does yo mama feel knowing you a gangsta no highschool deploma just a street education ?
probably disappointed and ashamed to say she has a kid like that ?
yo momma mothafucker most gangsters are scared of the dark ( ironic ) Are there any sports bars in Austria that show NASCAR races ?
Nascar is everywhere how to cook a donuts ?
huh its really hard to make and they are better and end up cheaper just to buy them already made what are the new rules for housing agents ?
huh what is Singapore Sling ?
Here is one !
In the future will the white population in Argentina decrease ?
Since a lot of the Argentinians have european blood due to the waves of european immigrants in the early 20century but large amounts of european immigration to Argentina has stop so in the future will Argentina be a basically Mestizo country i mean only 72 percent of the population are of pure european blood many whites have some non european blood in them so will the population of whites decrease .
It most certainly will because that is the world wide trend and why should Argentina be different ?
Perhaps of all the cannibalism or food poisoning there ?
I am only wondering seeing how you posted your question in dining out !
Yes yeah , some reports showed that Need a crew for filming a documentary ?
I want to film a series of documentaries , I already have a professional camera and I am aware that I need to find people willing to let me film them and of course contracts , that I can do but I was wondering where I can find a crew , people to be in it with me ?
Do n't say friends because I want people that some what know what they are doing .
Thank you !
I apologize , I do n't know why the f * ck its under this subject .
Let me at least encourage you to go to France and eat .
It sounds like a grand idea !
Well , when THIS happens : `` I do n't know why the f * ck its under this subject . ''
Rather than apologizing , you REMOVE your question , and repost it in the correct category .
What is the best sit down restaurant in Austria ?
What do you get there ?
Simply put .
Whichever hotel you consider to be the best , has the best restaurant .
I like weiner schnitzel .
It 's not something you can get in the States here too often .
I also like baby back ribs when dining at fancy places .
You should visit cafe Sacher and have some of the world renowned sacher torte .
What do the Swiss prefer , Mexican food or Italian food ?
As they are bordered by France , Germany & Italy its a fair bet they have more contact with those cuisines than Mexican .
It is up to the Swiss , but i am gona take a shot and say Mexican food .
A good college friend of mine who grew up in Switzerland told me they ( his entire family ) prefer Italian food !
My family will be vacationing in Switzerland this summer .
What are some good restaurants in the Bern area ?
When you are in the city , rent a car and stop at a place that looks appealing to you .
Your question is too general to give you a great answer .
Unless someone from Switzerland answers this , ( they speak German ) -- then by all means award them the answer !
Try the nice hotels .
Where can I find a cooking school for teenagers ( 12 - 20 ) in christchurch New zealand ?
New Zealand School of Food and Wine 63 Victoria Street Christchurch Christchurch 8013 New Zealand Set in the heart of Christchurch 's inner - city restaurant and café scene , the NZ School of Food and Wine is a highly regarded , small culinary school , offering part time and full time courses in cooking , hospitality and restaurant management .
There could be an age limit , but check it out anyway .
Does Batman live here and save the city ?
No , I live in San Diego and no I do n't save the city sorry .
= D ya he saves my city ( ; lmao ! ! ! ! YEAH ! I actually live next door to him . When he has sex , DAMN the neighbors ALLLL know his name Burger King or McDonalds ? Which do you prefer ? Burger King I love the Whopper i prefer mcdonalds . . I just think that the food is alot better than burger kings . . King , md just makes me feel sick anymore . What were Brazilians encouraged to grow in 2009 ? as a protest against president Sarney , accused of embezzlement and nepotism ? Pumpkins . pumpkins hi frnd ,
the brazilians in 2009 wher encouraged to grow pumpkins .
thank u how do they get the GOLD from the cellphones tat are thrown away ?
هل تحب الله ؟ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
اعتقد انه هو الشيطان فقط ، لأنه يقول لي لقتل الجميع .
No. do you ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
ê ∫  ₣ łΔó ± `` © § ¦ Can someone tell me if I have herpes ? I went out with this really hot spider , Charlotte , last night to a local club . Apparently we had a little too much to drink and eventually decided to head back to my place for a private dance lesson . Well , one lesson led to another and when she was going down on me she accidentally bit me . I did n't feel anything at that time and we continued to enjoy the night keeping the neighbors awake until dawn .
But when I awoke later I noticed a bright red spot on my penis where Charlotte had bit me .
I did n't ask about her past before this and she says she never had herpes in her entire life .
I do n't know if she 's telling me the truth or not .
It really hurts when I rub my fingers on the red spot and I ca n't even masturbate without feeling enormous pain .
Is this herpes or something else ?
Please , can someone tell me ?
Luckily , spiders ca n't get herpes .
You most likely have swine flu .
Report to an abattoir straight away .
Can I hang with you guys ... . ?
... until it 's safe to go back in P&S where I just farted ?
Yes , Steve just be a good boy ... ...
Whatever get out here : )
* pulls into the crowd *
edit : oh i see what cat you are in ... you missed it ! !
there was a e-wedding Okay , but watch out for Blip .
She murdered everybody at the wedding today .
I 'm still alive though because I came late lol Lol sure , but I do n't think these questions will stay O_o if i call this number will it charge me ?
my bf is in cabo san lucas right now the area code is 624 he said he can call me only but i ca n't call him hes there for a week and comes home this sunday i cant chat with him online either or email .
so i cant talk him on his cellphone or else they will charge me its like 11pm over there should i call the number he called me on today or let him call me ?
i think it will charge me like . .
2 something i dont have a calling card .
whenever i call his cellphone it says im sorry but the number you have reached is not availble .
Let him call you .
call your cell phone company and ask .
Are you a girl or boy ?
I was wondering because I was bored so I thought of a question .
I used to be a girl but now I am a woman .
Neither .
I am a man .
i am what ever you want me to b how to cook otak otak ?
What is the best strategy to convince my wife to go to marriage counseling with me ?
She has lived at her dads for 1month we have been married 5yrs together 11yrs she is moving to bay area with pot dealing cousin she saw porn on our computer says she cant look at me the same wants legal seperation i have been to counseling myself 4wks Well , is it really all caused by porn ?
It`s hard to believe it is the only reason .
I know some women feel offended by men watching it but one thing is an argument and another thing is trying to get a divorce .
Maybe you should just tell her to give you and the marriage a chance and together analyze if there is more to it than just porn .
Has she always been so conservative ?
Try to rescue things with her by telling her how you really feel .
If ultimately it doesn`t work , always think that maybe you guys were not really working as a couple and it wa sjust a matter of time .
A lot to assimilate , I know it ain`t easy but sometimes that`s how it goes .
I hope things work out for the better .
BEST WISHES jdsklfdsklfdslkfjdsklafkjldsfjdsklfjdklsafj ; ldsfjaskfjdsklajfadsfjdskafjdsk ! ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
Yes !
kjghjgcjgchjghjghjghjghjghjghjhjghghjfhjshsfgjgfjh That is a kind of celebration in the land of jibber : )
- squinty In your opinion what are the most important or favorite things of all time ?
Well ?
Oral .
God , Animals , Family , Friends , and Lacrosse My family and peers .
They play important roles in my life .
They will consult me when I need help , and give me a warm hug when I 'm sad .
Hardly imagine my life without them .
what one do you think the libary , mum or dad , the computer or a book at home ?
well it might be you know computer because it hjas every thing well you know like always computer because you can find everything on it ! ! !
computer .
Always choose reality over media , and people over computers .
Read a good book , or look up a site on the computer and read about something that will interest you .
( something from history or similar ) spanish to english translation plz ! ?
can someone plz translate this for me plz Te Quiero Para Siempre I 'll love you forever i love you , forever This is dining out .
This question relates to dining out ... .
HOW ?
Do swiss bank no longer welcome US residents ?
Visiting Geneva 1 year , no banks are willling to help . ?
If you are a registered resident in Switzerland for a year , you should have no problem opening an account at a local bank or the Post Office ( they also offer financial services ) .
signs of being pregnant before a missed period ?
i had all the way sex 3 times during my most fertile week and ovulation day 1 - 2 weeks ago .
i feel very tired , get head aches and shooting pains , not normal for me .
can this be early pregnancy ? !
It could be pregnancy but you should first either buy a home - pregnancy kit to see if you are , OR go see the doctor .
Yes it could be .
i was also really hungry all the time and my breasts began getting larger and tender all before my missed period .
as a young twenty two year old woman , when me and my girlfriend want to celebrate we always eat out Do you enjoy chicken ?
I ca n't stand it .
Sorry what we have 2 do if any girl set near at u in bus and my hand s are on her legs ?
very fast silly !
you just have a small chat and then exchange your number Apologise , duh .
DC :
Who else is completely addicted to Y !
A ?
I always liked it , but now I find myself unable to get away ... @ Fred Do n't leave , Fred !
@ Muggles Get lost !
* STUPEFY * I am addicted + obsessed with Y !
A from long time ago .
* sighs *
And this HP crews just makes me addicted even more .
find a hobby !
Im addicted to Yahoo Answers !
Anybody tried to use Femigra ?
hahahaha .
maybe when im 64 .
that seems like an age when sex isnt sex but a cholesterol burner instead .
No
Not even Viagra !
how to find GOLD GOLD GOLD ?
You would need to have a prospector 's licence .
WTF ?
Why is Y !
A giving me VN 's , on questions I asked 2 months ago ?
I have like 17 VN 's in my inbox .
> .
< Its been happening to me to , Ive been getting Violations on my questions and answers from answers and questions over 2 months ago .
My friends account actually got suspended from Violations she got for questions she answered over 6 months ago .
Its either that YA has an extreme glitch or something or its the YA people messing around giving people violations purposely or it might be something else but whatever it is , it needs to be fixed and quick before lots of people get suspended accounts for nothing .
It 's been happening to me too .
It 's because of something they 're doing .
I wish there was something I could do , but there is n't .
Just wait ' til my site is built and you wo n't have to worry about that crap .
Y !
A did that to me last week too !
DC :
Hypocrite ?
Well if you did n't follow instructions ?
Snape you did n't follow what I said ...
I wanted you to take him away ... hurt him ... then get on with your life ... and yet you call me a hypocrite ... do n't make me fight you tonight ... though I would love to do it for fun : ) Yay Percy !
:
D Aw !
Killjoy !
ahaha okay see ya Severus Dammit ... he had to go What difference does it make ?
Maybe not YOU but other people wanted to watch .
And no i will not fight you because i 'm VERY THANKFUL TO YOU !
:
D I would love to watch some fight tonight .
Please do .
* prepares popcorn * * sits down and watches * DC :
AYE !
What was Lucius thinking ? ? ?
and Draco ?
http://media.photobucket.com/image/lucius%20malfoy/red3-ph74/lucius.jpg?o=26
O.o
http://media.photobucket.com/image/lucius%20malfoy/hcri/Harry%20Potter/Lucius-and-Draco-Malfoy.jpg?o=341
Going pink ? ? ?
O_O hehe yeah Hannah agreed Mwahahaha xD Tell him i think he 's pretty !
Oh Merlin ...
You might want to talk to him about it ...
* bleaches brain *
That 's better ... = ) Sweet XD what is the process of digestion in man ?
In mammals , food enters the mouth , being chewed by teeth , with chemical processing beginning with chemicals in the saliva from the salivary glands .
Then it travels down the esophagus into the stomach , where acid both kills most contaminating microorganisms and begins mechanical break down of some food ( e.g. , denaturation of protein ) , and chemical alteration of some .
After some time ( typically an hour or two in humans , 4 -- 6 hours in dogs , somewhat shorter duration in house cats , ... ) , the results go through the small intestine , through the large intestine , and are excreted during defecation .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digestion DC : * sighs * Why ca n't he just say it already ! ? ! ?
Dammit ...
I wish Lucius would just propose to me again !
We kept the divorce silent and now he 's supposed to have slept with Hermione and Snape
You know I do n't care i want my Lucius back !
* cries *
What do you guys think Your always the first to answer Perce :
D Ahaha thanks : ) Thanks Tonks ( : Lol Percy ! Nah your not a stalker ! Well your not Sure Perce ! I 'm sorry Cissa ... I thought you were on the fence , that 's why I did n't do it sooner ...
But ...
Will you marry me ?
Again ?
What Percy said .
* hugs * It 'll turn out good , Cissy , just you wait .
* hic * I feel almost the same way .
* hic * * sniffles * * drinks meade * Cissy , I do n't know .
I have n't see Lucius and Draco .
Shaula and Achernar miss you .
They said they 'll be on here soon .
* hics *
I want to smack Cormac .
He 's a git .
where is this hole thas just form ?
are you talking about the sink hole ?
if so , its in guatemala .
what 50s baseball you like ?
mickey mantle ?
I want to know if im HOOKED on meth ?
Just wanted to know if im hooked on meth if i only tryed it two times .
the first time was for two days the next time was a month later and two days long ... im thinking of doing it again but i never spend money my boyfriend got it for me .
I have dont meth two time .
the first was last month ikn may .
my boyfriend got it from someone and i tryed it .
i liked the high and everything . .
we snored it for two days straight .
then the second time we did it like a month later We did it again for two days but we smoked it this time .
we dont spend money on it .
and im thinking of doing it again next week maybe he said this last time was going to be the last time we try it .
but i dont know if it is . .
You do n't have to do it big time .
It is highly addictive .
Meth has high potential for addiction , activating the psychological reward system by increasing levels of dopamine , norepinephrine and serotonin in the brain .
Physical effects can include anorexia , hyperactivity , dilated pupils , flushing , restlessness , dry mouth , headache , tachycardia , bradycardia , tachypnea , hypertension , hypotension , hyperthermia , diaphoresis , diarrhea , constipation , blurred vision , dizziness , twitching , insomnia , numbness , palpitations , arrhythmias , tremors , dry and / or itchy skin , acne , pallor , and with chronic and / or high doses , convulsions , heart attack , stroke , and death can occur . .
Psychological effects can include euphoria , anxiety , increased libido , alertness , concentration , energy , self - esteem , self - confidence , sociability , irritability , aggression , psychosomatic disorders , psychomotor agitation , hubris , excessive feelings of power and invincibility , repetitive and obsessive behaviors , paranoia , and with chronic and / or high doses , amphetamine psychosis can occur .
Methamphetamine users and addicts may lose their teeth abnormally quickly , a condition known as `` meth mouth '' .
This effect is not caused by any corrosive effects of the drug itself , which is a common myth .
According to the American Dental Association , meth mouth `` is probably caused by a combination of drug - induced psychological and physiological changes resulting in xerostomia ( dry mouth ) , extended periods of poor oral hygiene , frequent consumption of high - calorie , carbonated beverages and bruxism ( teeth grinding and clenching ) . ''
Similar , though far less severe symptoms , have been reported in clinical use of regular amphetamine , where effects are not exacerbated by extended periods of poor oral hygiene .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystal_meth#Health_issues WHYY ARE YOU DOING METH ? ? ? ? ? ! ! !
STOPP !
I think you 're hooked , you must be otherwise why would you post this in this category ?
Magnets ...
How do they work ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnets f * ck you and that `` band '' stupidest sh * t ever the positive ions attract the negative ions and the positive ions repel other positive ions and negative ions repel negative ions .
Porridgers :
Who else here thinks Fletcher is too frugal ?
with his possessions ?
I do ; he once opened a Bounty bar underwater so I did n't know he had one OI Godber !
Listen to me you nerk
You owe me !
I looked after you , I did I took you into my cell with sincerity and now you 're whining about a bleeding chocolate bar ?
God preserve us !
Oh and Grouty , any chance of the CD back ?
Of course he is but he will never admit
All I asked for was The Archers latest cd to be lent to me ... . .
do you know what he did ?
He gave it to me because I threatened him with Crusher !
He 's so tight that if he sat on a lump of coal , he 'd turn it into a diamond !
Do any of you think there is something goin ' on between the Gov'nor and Mrs Jamieson ?
I 've had my suspicions for some time now .
WHAT ? !
SHE 'S CHEATING ON ME WITH THE GOV'NOR ?
Barraclough is most displeased !
Yeah I see the way she looks at him
Horny beasts are n't they ?
That 's awfully fine by me Jarvis
because me and Mr Mackay are having our own affair How on earth did Heslop get a job working in the library ?
I mean , has he ever even READ a book ?
LMAO
Green it was XD His head is in a different time zone to us
You 've heard Fletcher moan about him , not the brain of Britain is he ?
What is this poppycock ?
Heslop has just as much worth as any of you disgusting rabble
When I was in the Southern Argylls and Highlanders regiment , we stuck together as a team
This one gets a number of good reviews -- apparently well - known for their Rib - eye ( ojo de bife ) .
Generous portions but small , so service can be slow .
Lots of sides .
http://www.guiaoleo.com.ar/detail.php?ID=217
The Obrero is supposed to be good , but read the articles .
The neighborhood apparently is iffy .
( For that reason alone I would be SURE to try it ... ) http://www.frommers.com/destinations/buenosaires/D55911.html http://travel.bastardly.com/archives/2008/03/03/el-obrero-buenos-aires-restaurant-review /
647 Dinner Club gets good reviews that , according to others , are NOT ( NOT ) at all deserved .
Good article : http://www.rinconessecretos.com/tag/mejores-parrillas-de-buenos-aires Chiquiln is not touristy ;
Mirasol gets very good reviews .
Google `` mejores restaurantes de Buenos Aires '' , o `` mejores parrillas de Buenos Aires '' for more .
Whether or not you speak Spanish , the names and addresses are straightforward .
Say hello to Calle Florida for me ... http://www.navigaia.com/fr/video/930/argentine/buenos-aires/la-calle-florida.html
~ ~ ~
EDIT :
If you want to catch `` tango social '' -- not the tourist shows , but clubs for the locals , check out http://www.buenosairesmilongas.com / I would recommend the restaurant `` Steaks R Us '' : ) they specialize in thouroughly cooked steaks .
They have mighty good seasonings !
And foreign ketchup sauce .
A Viva Espanol Mu Chacho Adios !
ahhhhhh yummm !
bow chicka wow wow !
ohh boom bam ur jealous of my awesomeness : ) hahahahahahahahahahahaha suck on that !
I go to Buenos Aires every year and i love steak as well ...
The best place to go to is Siga La Vaca in puerto madero or the one at La Coatanera ...
Its an all you can eat meat restaurant . .
They have 2 big grils in the back and you just go up to them and point and tell them what you want and how you want it ...
SUPERB !
oh and they have a salad bar with different hams and cheeses Also desert ! !
menu : http://www.sigalavaca.com/index.php?sec=menu&lng=es
website : http://www.sigalavaca.com/index.php?sec=locales&lng=es What do you think of the name Paige Amanda ?
i do n't think it goes well when there is one syllable followed by two .
Amanda Paige does sound better .
Ps. .
pretty random category haha It sounds a bit odd to me .
Amanda Paige sounds better .
seconded , amanda paige sounds much better .
My contacts ; would you like a shoutout in my video ?
So it 's prom right now , and I 'm bored at home :
D I 'm wan na make a video , Would you like a shoutout ?
Haha .
I 'll post the link in a new question , if I do it .
Yeah , why not .
Count me in Aww why are n't you AT your prom ?
Yeah make a shotout to me ...
I mean us :-)
Edit :
Am I even your contact ?
if you dont mind :
D To my contacts ;
I made the video :
D ?
I was watching it over , and I seemed like a wan na - be-boxxy .
I do n't wan na get hate shiiiit on it .
Should I still upload it , or make a new one ?
Remake it but add more cool things to it Re-make you forgot me :-) well it 's not meant to be a YouTube sensation , is it ?
DC :
May I please have some ... . . ?
Chocolate ?
No telling mommy though * puppy dog eyes * * eats it has it all over face * * giggles * Yep all the chocolate you want .
http://onekit.enr-corp.com/1002116/WLK%20 - 0eauty % 20Shot.JPG huh ? !
yea sure friend , just enjoy it How to increase points in yahoo quickly ?
YOU HAVE TO ANSWER MANY QUESTIONS , VOTE AS BEST ANSWERS , ASK LESS QUESTIONS.WHEN YOUR ANSWER CHOSEN THE BEST ANSWER YOU GET 10 POINTS.WHEN YOU VOTE THEN YOU GET 1 POINT .
Answer as many questions as you can and give good advice answer questions as opposed to asking them and get `` best answer '' from the ones you give ... you get more points that way .
Is the Waihola Tavern , south of Dunedin , up and running again ?
I 'm planning a road trip to Alexandra with a brekkie stop there .
Last thing I heard , there 'd been a fire , and they were closed , but that was in October 2009 .
It has reopened .
Breakfast may not be an option as pubs generally do n't open until 11:00 am here in NZ .
You may need to get breakfast in Milton , a little further south before you get to the Central Otago turn off .
http://www.odt.co.nz/the-regions/south-otago/104109/tavern-bar-reopens DC and Twilight :
Everyone ... ?
Wedding bells ... ...
Hagrid and Victoria are getting married ...
Congratulations Oh Thanks Blackie hahhaha But we still did n't set a date 15 % tips are recommended , not required .
good service and special attention deserve more .
hahahaha !
i am like soooo , like totally looking forward to it .
@ edward :
sprays water * Godber vs Nesbitt ( boxing tournament ) ?
It 's the Slade Prison Boxing tournament this week , who do you fancy between Lenny & Nesbitt .
Anyone fancy a flutter ?
I sure do Jarvis
I put half a pound of snout on Godber taking a dive ... .
I 'll give you really good odds ... . .
odds are if Godber does n't take a dive , Crusher will be visiting you soon Me of course Jarvis
I do n't gamble , my mother told me it would get me into all sorts of trouble Half a dozen eggs on Nesbitt to win
Sorry Godber , needs must , you silly nerk What if i wanted a cheeseburger but i could n't find one ?
buy one Then you do n't have a cheeseburger , obviously !
than you dont have a cheeseburger duhh Did you know we are worried about you ... . ?
= ( I 'm sorry = ( No reason to worry . I have done this all before . no , but do go ahead and worry yourself to death . i 'll enjoy myself . DC : A survey on how to do ... . ? Lying ! ( : My other question about what all happened last night got deleted soooo entertain me tell me what happened ... what you did . . what I did ... whatever Well to start with
If you are indeed talking about the Numerous giant orgies us HP / Twilight people engaged in ...
I dance stripped and had multiple 4 some 's with Snape , Ron Potter and Bella .
I pole danced , ( sparked of course ) and did booty clapping to entertain Snape .
I did Harry on the table top while being doused in whine and body fluids .
Luna - Stripped , and got naked in front of us all , and then stripped and stripped and pole danced .
Snape , Me , Harry and others engaged in mind blowing sex , with large numbers while watching numerous females like Bella Cullen , Bella ( HP crew ) , Luna , Lavender and Ginny walk round naked without a care in the world .
Many of your fellow HP crew got drunk off of fire whiskey and other assorted drinks .
Of course I bite a couple of people , and was forced into sex by some others but who cares , I love being taken advantage of .
Of course there was some squabbles I mean , I slept with people I should n't have but hey , it was fun .
I 'm drunk , sore , I might be pregnant , but who cares .
I was , of course , stripping .
Edward summed things up pretty well there , haha !
V ^ ^ Edward could n't have said it better What are the good places to eat in and around Baione ?
We are spending a week in Baione in early July .
Could anyone help me by recommending some good restaurants in and around the town ?
Thank you Davey Boy the point of the question is to find out which one .
Patriot - I have been there before and it 's not touristy but I was hoping for some local knowledge .
Two places have fresh food .
Restaurant in the old city or restaunts alond the seaside and by the wharf .
I lived close to Baione for almost 3 years and I know what I am talking about .
Restaurants within the old city are better on winter so I recommend you only walking around the old town .
I recommend you to drive to the restaurants which are localed by the seaside or take a walk by the wharf .
In case you don`t want to leave the city , go to the old city but avoid the stone traditional pubs and restaurants because the dishes they cook are made to local taste and you might not like them ( they are cooked with too much oil , all fried , a giant quantity of garlic and spices on every food ) .
But in the skirts of the old city you will find the new restautanst with all kind of dishes .
Avoid any other restaurant in town as you won`t enjoy fresh food but frozen .
`` EATS '' - sit ' n gulp For the summer I recommend you a sea food restaurant .
DC :
Where do you think candy mountain would be ?
Leading !
Severus Snape I 'm calling you out !
: )
* aims * I 'm sooooo gon na kick your a $ $ !
why ?
because of my mum ... why my mum ?
You made her ... let 's not go there !
* aims * CRUCIO !
> : ) @ Bella :
WHOO AUNT BELLA ! ! !
@ Draco : * hisses * NO !
mum ca n't see this !
> :
@ Sirius :
You wfe , my aunt , Is a dueler I thought you knew that ?
She killed you long ago @ Snape :
Like you ... and ruin the pureblood name !
> :
What the hell ?
I 'm not going to duel with my own daughter .
Even if i 'm `` hateful '' I would n't want to hurt you .
Narcissa did n't raise you good .
:
That 's why you and Draco are two spoiled rude brats .
Edit : wait !
I made your mum ... ... what ?
This is a family thing we have to get mom and Bella .
* KICKS HIS A $ $ *
hehe xD Everyone let 's kick his a $ $ ! !
DC Girls Guys :
Help ...
I need some advice ?
I want some advice please ?
Like Pansy what could I wear on the date tomorrow ?
http://mojeciuchy.blogomania.pl/uploads/fck/1231683800.jpg
I was thinking that @ Percy :
You know how to make someone smile !
:
D @ George :
What the heck ?
DC :
When is the triple date supposed to be ?
I was n't sure sooo when ?
* stares at percy * Got you Cormac Why is baby enstien soo effective ?
my little cousin and my nephew get MEZMORIZED when they see it .
why ?
Effective in doing what ? ?
They got sued and had to issue a ton of refunds because it DOES N'T do what it promised - it does n't help make your child smarter .
There is a ton of information about it on the web , here are some articles : http://shine.yahoo.com/channel/parenting/the-great-baby-einstein-scam-531147 /
http://www.capecodtoday.com/blogs/index.php/2009/10/28/suing-baby-einstein?blog=235
As far as being mesmerized - put him in front of a front loader washing machine and put in a load of laundry - he 'll be just as fascinated by the laundry rolling around in there .
And why did you post this in the `` Dining Out '' category for a city in India - are we not using the categories any more here ?
i dont know How about we do a ... ?
a camping trip ?
into the forbidden forest ?
or anywhere ?
We would really have fun . .
Do n't you think ?
DC ONLY AND TWI IF THEY WANT !
I 'll be your guide we sure would have lots of fun Lol .
as long as you know how to survive , and you have the right tools .
you 'll be able to go into a forbidden forest for a camping trip What to do when your living in fear ?
I 'm just needing some advice here ( : Whoo Percy Were Malfoy 's we do n't fear anything . Drink beer , every day . And exactly what are you afraid of ?
Fear is all in the mind .
It is not real .
Seek help if you ca n't understand this .
DC - Do you know there is two of me ?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=At_938gHta_Pknd7U4l5eevsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20100616201714AARTFU0&show=7#profile-info-LTbgcuIvaa
We need to change Shaula back .
* face - palm * @ Malfoy 's answer .
Cho , you 're awesome .
= O
> : ) hehehe . .
sorry Percy = D :
O Huh ! ? ! ? !
AND YES !
DC - Can you help me change back ?
I do n't want to be a bother to my family .
Help .
Vampires does n't have souls .
Vampires does n't have a soul .
* sighs * * takes out potion * I ca n't assure you Shaula ... but I can say it might help * does spell * there you go , good as new .
* doesnt tell her about the side effects * No !
I refuse to accept you again . .
NO NO NO NO !
So I like these names for mine and George 's babies ?
If theyre boys
Gred , Forge , Lee Arthur Dread Lock Percy Charlie Jr and Cassian
OPINIONS ! !
OR ONIONS ! !
PLEASE Yes Percy because I LOVE YOU ! !
Not in that way , though :
DDD you 're welcome !
I hope George likes the names too !
Candy can be Gred 's middle name and Mountain can be Forge 's !
* hugs * OH FRED I LOVE THEM ALMOST AS MUCH AS I LOVE YOU < 3
I think one should be called Charlie Charlie - after our dear brother and the unicorn .
8D EXCELLENT !
They 're nice names * smiles weakly * Can i be part of the volturi ?
Aro turned me into a vampire , I 'm just making sure it 's ok with everyone else that I join them : ) @ Aro :
True : ) love you too ! !
THEY HAVE NO SAY !
I 'm the master .
Thus , I admit you into the Volturi .
But watch out for Jane ... i think its `` that '' time of month again ...
Love you my darling !
It fine .
One less student to mess up the halls = ) Sure I guess if he 's the one who changed you Why all the muggle hating XD ?
I do n't cause drama , that often .
( ;
DO N'T JUDGE ME !
♥
X =
* Laughs hysterically , then thinks someone slipped me something because i 'm acting strange .
*
O_o I have a son ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
DC :
When James / Lily / Sirius / Dumbledore died , why could n't Harry just talk to their portraits ?
Seriously !
Remember in Order of the Phoenix when Dumbledore used to talk to the portraits of previous headmasters of Hogwarts , like Phineas Nigellus and he kept ordering them around ?
So why could n't Harry just grab a portrait of the dead and talk to them ?
I have been racking my brains for so long !
@ Cissy , Shaula , Fred :
Good point .
But I ca n't see why Rowling did n't explain this properly in the books : (
@ Lucy :
Hey kiddo !
Do I look old enough to be your grandmother ?
Haha just kidding .
Btw I 'm so sorry , could you please tell me who your parents are ? !
James / Lily - They do n't have any portraits made .
Only photos .
Sirius - He fell through the veil and he was disowned by the Black family Dumbledore - His portrait is located in the headmaster office .
Harry could not access it during the Horcruxes hunting .
There were some Death Eaters in the Hogwarts faculty during Snape 's reign as Headmaster .
In the book , Hermione asked Phineas Black ( the trio had his portrait in Hermione 's enchanted handbag ; and there was another one in Hogwarts because he was a Headmaster ) to bring Dumbledore to his portrait .
Phineas Black said that it does not work that way .
I never thought of it that way !
But they never had portraits made .
They just had the enchanted pictures Maybe paintings have to be made of Witch or Wizard when they 're alive ... maybe Dumbledore had posed earlier for one before , probably a requirement for all Hogwarts Headmasters .
DC ~ I 'm feeling rather lonely lately ... anyone care to help ?
Well , lately , with my daddies occupied with other things and only my sister , laptop and books for company , I 've felt rather lonely .
Is there any single gentleman who would care to remedy this situation ?
@ Rose That 'd be lovely , but that was n't the kind of lonely I was referring to .
@ Lillith - Theodore ?
Who ?
What ?
I 've not seen him about ?
Who is he ?
What 's he look like ?
@ Hedwig - I 'm sorry hun * huggles * @ Snape ~ Daddy what do you think I 'm trying to do ?
You scare away all my potential guys and those who are n't scared by you are scared by Daddy ( with a moustache ) !
DC / Twi since the thing with Alice did n't work out anyone else out there avilable ?
@ Florence I 'm sure we could work our way around that .
what is your song of the day today ?
this is mine
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSTYgeor9k8 This place looks abandoned ... ... ?
* takes off clothes an streaks through section * Oom pa pa , oom pa pa , Watch Urkel go Z - O - O - O - O - M PA PA ! ! !
ew steven has herpes ! !
* stares at Urkel like a pedo staring at a little girl swinging on a swing in a park *
* moans *
* licks lips * The Crew :
So my mother decided to ... . ?
Call me out .
She said should she worry about me losing my innocence running around saying things that are jokes like the `` Bite your lip '' * sighs *
Do you really think someone would do that ?
: \ i would n't doubt her .
KNOT :
What dress should I wear to Buckbeak and Hedwig 's wedding ?
1 ) http://s.ecrater.com/stores/117762/4a91a7e0dd54e_117762n.jpg
2 ) http://www.box-clothing.co.uk/womens-2/dresses-skirts-68/dresses-69/unique-womens-purple-204971-34807.jpg
3 ) http://www.nexteve.com/images/D/F6212a.JPG
4 ) http://www.shopindream.com/images/goods/20091012/10dbe3c6f9dde79a.jpg
5 ) http://www.nexteve.com/images/D/F6221a-01.JPG I love 5 you guys !
: ) I love 5 you guys !
: ) I love 5 you guys !
: ) KNOT :
I 'm drawing a complete blank . .
help ?
* major brain fart * I ca n't for the life of me remember when Ron and hermione snog each other in the DH ! ?
Lol what scene is it again . . ?
Hah LOL ...
Got it now .
Thank you everyone ^ -- ^
+ + + + I 'm off to some grad parties , buckbeak if you read this - we need to have the wedding Monday , cuz I wo n't obviously be on now : ( and I think you said you had plans too . . bye all , I 'll be back on tonight : ) ) ) ) `` Oi !
There 's a war going on here ! ''
Ron and Hermione broke apart , their arms still around each other `` I know , mate , '' said Ron , who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger , `` so it 's now or never , is n't it ? ''
`` Never mind that , what about the Horcrux ? ''
Harry shouted `` D'you think you could just - just hold it in until we 've got the diadem ? ''
`` Yeah - right - sorry - '' said Ron , and he and Hermione set about gathering up fangs , both pink in the face
^ quote Towards the end
I remember Ron had basilisks fangs in his arms , I think it 's just before Fred dies but do n't quote me on that When Ron says they should go save the house elves .
And Hermoine is so happy she just plants one on him XD Why do mummy and daddy look the same = 3 ?
^ -- -- ^ I dont know Alexsh ! ! !
= O Magic = O Can I do magic ?
* o * @ Helios well you arent born yet so I can have it cuz by the time you 're born I 'll have grown up : 3 @ Helios yes I can = 3 pretty much every baby has grown up in like a day hehe why is food food in SENGKANG SENGKANG hawker center and SENGKANG SENGKANG market in SENGKANG so expensive ?
FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD
and everything in SENGKANG SENGKANG SENGKANG SENGKANG SENGKANG
hawker center and SENGKANG SENGKANG SENGKANG SENGKANG SENGKANG
market market market is SO EXPENSIVE SO EXPENSIVE SO EXPENSIVE EXPENSIVE
NOBODY NOBODY want to go there
NOBODY NOBODY want to go there
BOBODY NOBODY want to go there how many pounds are in 19,95 euro ?
19.95 EUR = 16.6525 GBP Can i eat some peanut in Subaraya ?
Sure , you can .
But watch out the monkeys , they will try to steal and they are aggressive .
Any info about cambodia ?
Any help 4 a geog project ? ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodia how do i get the most money on my check without paying in ?
what number do i claim 1,2,3,4 i make 26k - 35k ?
Where are you really , Argentina where you posted ?
If in the US , claim single / 1 if you 're single and not a dependent .
What would you do if when you got home ... . . ?
What would you do if when you got home the Dark Mark was above your house ?
I got home and my whole house is messed up . .
nobody 's home , and I 'm kind of creeped out .
What should I do ?
I still do n't trust the MOM .
What 's the best restaurant in Phuket ?
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ There 's no reason to delete this now , is there ?
Advice and Thailand food .
I 'm really freaked out . .
is anyone nearby who can help ?
I would uh , FREAK !
`` the dark marks over my house , evacuate the country voldemorts looking for me ! ''
Best restaurant in Phuket :
Hill Top Restaurant http://www.google.ca/search?hl=en&source=hp&q=best+restaurant+in+phuket&aq=0sx&aqi=g-sx1g-msx1&aql=&oq=best+retaurant+in+phuke&gs_rfai = as a demigod I would pray to a god like Zeus to zap any death eaters still inside the house and also to Hades to see if he 'll bring your loved ones back , of he ' ' s in a good mood he will do it .
best restaurant in Phuket ?
The demi - dinner - serves great demigod food , you potty heads are welcome too Did we forget about this place ?
maybe , but i still get a point Ca n't forget what I never knew about ... but u get a star anyway How could we possibly forget about this place ! ?
It 's AWESOME !
Do you like using this section of Yahoo Answers ?
sure do !
: ) lol Yea its pretty co well , i 've never been to this section before , but i guess haha how does yellow feel ? ? ? ? ? ?
I MISERABLE , DYING , BABY $ HIT Happy , energetic , and smooth .
Yellow is a lot like eating a snow cone in the park with the sun shining .
We are gathered here today to join . . ?
Nikki and Tyson in holy matrimony : ) All objections overruled .
Carry on : ) ) I OBJECT :
P :
P :
P * grabs tissue *
( looks for Nikki ) POLL :
Bologna , or Sausage ?
* bleeds to death with Kat and we both tragically die in each others arms * I had some good sausage yesterday , so sausage .
I like it on my pizza .
we liked Bologna cause it was in Italy .
there is no sausage section .
XD i wish there was bacon though .
You , sir , have interrupted the wedding .
You shall now die .
* stabs you with a butter knife * > > > YOU MAY KISS THE BRIDE !
< < < ?
( post this or DIE ) .
= ) I 'm intrigued Nikki 's bf that she actually has a real life crush on doesnt know she doenst like chocolate but okay then > > > > You may kiss the bride ! ! !
< < < < ?
( post this or DIE ) = ) MAKE OUT SESSION ! !
Just kidding .
- kisses the bride - I hope the bride is Nikki ; ) * slits bride 's throat with butter knife *
Oh , I misread the question ... thought it said `` kill '' OH WELL .
* slits your throat too * * has sex with the bride * Do you ever wonder what kind of babies a duck and a kitten would have ?
O_O can someone ask the will you kiss the bride question now ? ? ?
It would be a dutten O.o Someone else is gon na have to ask the `` you may kiss the bride '' question lol .
A dead duck ?
LMFAO ! ! !
I think they will play well with the little Urkelettes how do you say ( set me free ) in Spanish ?
^ What she said .
You might find this site to be a lot more helpful in general .
It is EXTREMELY good with translations .
babelfish.yahoo.com /
and
spanishdict.com me puso en libertad Is it weird to knock on your neighbour 's door to ask him for weed ?
I just moved to Montreal for a job and unfortunately I do n't know anybody here .
I also know for a fact my neighbour smokes weed cause the hallway always reeks of weed .
I just do n't want him to freak out or anything cause he is my neighbour ... .
So would it be weird for me to randomly ask him if he can help me out ... ?
By the way , I do n't care if you think weed is bad ... so do n't waste time you 'll never get back .
Thanks !
Just ask him , `` Do you know where I can get some ? ''
Then follow it up with , `` Cus I 'm kinda dry . ''
Then he 'll know what you 're talking about and that you 're down .
He 'll either hook you up or reject you .
You probably need to get to know him better first .
lol fail why does he do this ? ! ?
this guy i was workin with texts me everyday it doesnt bug me at all but if he wants to talk to me everyday why does he stop texting me randomly in the conversation everytime ! ?
hes the one who texts me first each time too i m not sure . .
but he is in love with u. . .
congratulations ! ! ! ! !
Which has a sports trends ?
Okay , I still have not closed due to a matter that I wanted to ask , please ...
If there are no sports colleges in Spain so which has a sports trends ?
indicate the names , please Why did you post this in dining out ?
What does it have to do with dining out .
Please make your question make sense .
I ca n't even BEGIN to answer it , as I do n't know what you are asking .
Where to buy fireworks in penticton BC canada ?
Tomaros Canada day !
Thanks How is this related to French taxes ?
which colleges in melaka are the best ?
my headmaster suggested me to go to open university while most of my friends suggests me to to go to stamford college .
i heard open university is n't good college but i ca n't trust these word unless i see it with my own eyes .
can anyone choose which college is best in melaka ? ?
also your opinion Stamford is pretty good , the lecturers are really fantastic .
I 'm not sure about Open University , but I heard it 's more of a party college .
Hope that helps !
HOW DO U CLIP UR TOENIALS ?
I HAVENT CLIPPED HTEM IN 3 YEARS AND I WANT TO WEAR TENIS SHOES hey smart * * * i was wondering HOW U USE THEM I clip mine every week .
So I ca n't imagine how your toenails must look , and how you have been able to walk .
If they are as long as I think , you should spend a little bit of money and go to a pedicurist , it will be worth it .
They know what to do .
Believe me , that 's the smart thing to do .
Good luck !
... .
buy toenail clippers ? . .
what 's this have to do with dining out ?
What do you think about Supermac 's In Co. Galway . ?
I think it 's better and more healthier than Mcdonalds .
COME ON SUPERMACS !
Tasty and tempting food at ... ... ...
SUPERMACS it ... sounds kinda like a copyright issue to me ?
Would you ever live in the county of Midsomer ?
You know the county of Midsomer from Midsomer Murders .
Well , since they have a lot of people bumped off there , would you live there ?
yes , if given a house ... .
Would you have intercourse with me if a tragedy were to occur if we did n't ?
Hello there !
If I told you that 400 pounds of babies and puppies were in a shopping cart on the train tracks and were going to be hit by a train if you do n't have sex with me , would you have sex with me ?
This is almost a trick question because most people would have sex even without the possibility of some sort of crisis .
I think it would be kinder NOT to save the puppies just so that you could have sex I would , But only to save the puppies and babies , because I 'm not into random ( `` casual '' ) sex .
i can tell you want some ...
find ur self a dude and let the fire works begin . .
haha
get it its 4th of july . .
but im talking about you having a sex ...
Can anyone recommend a good place to go in berlin ?
Something that serves traditional German cuisine , and preferrably not too expensive .
umm i live in Germany i also speak German xD
and a good place to go to if you 're on vacation is somewhere near a Beach ore a place where you can go hiking just look t up in the Internet ( 972 ) 836 - 0066 = miley / ( 310 ) 735 - 0099emily / ( 415 ) 2286207salena / ( 577 -- ) 4697224 ?
phine numbers * ( 767 -- ) 635 - 6373 - - - = lolis ( ... ... . )
regards should i relocate and move in with my boyfriend ?
Ok well he lives in Chicago , and I live in San Diego .
I have no family in either cites , but I use to live in chicago and I have a bunch of really good friends there .
Moving to chicago is no problem with me , I love chicago but if I move there I 'm going to move in with my boyfriend .
Now I 've been up there twice to visit him , a week both times and he has been here to visit me as well .
Our personalities get along really well , and when we 're together we spend every second together its amazing .
He gives me something I 've never had , I trust him , he 's sweet , he 's honest , he makes me feel good about myself , he cares , he listens and remembers .
I can definately see myself falling in love , and its mutual .
And we 've talked about this a few times actually , and its easy for him to say just move with me .
If I move it will be in like 6 more months .
I just need some advice , to help ease my mind I guess !
Oh I 'm 25 and he 's 23 I think that you should not move in with your boyfriend .
It would be a bad idea .
Since you have many friends in chicago , you should ask to room with one of them .
I think that would be better for your relationship .
Would you move in with him if you where living in Chicago ?
If no then I would n't recommend it .
Are you giving up anything in San Diego like a good job ?
What are the names of best places to take your boyfriend for a dinner in Vadodara ?
Ive never been to Vandora before - - my appetite just died :
?
so , I was hungry , and I googled food .
T -- --
T and one time I was looking at coconut cream pie .
I accidentally deleted ' coconut ' and googled cream pie on images .
my eyes BURNED .
Thanks for making me curious .
> -- < yeah you `` accidentally ''
i think this is subconscious thought working its way to the surface : p LOLOL .
xD NICE .
:
P O.o Regarding Coby Dick ... ?
if he does n't give a fuck if he cuts his arm bleeding , is he superman or something ?
DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK ( see cups and balls ) Is the only good person on Earth called OJ Simpson ?
I 'm less drunk , and my spelling is improving , no ?
But of course
I did n't not not kill nobody !
no his name is Payne .
he just answered your question .
hey he speaks for him self .
What do you thinks OJ is doing today ?
How can I claim my tax refund when leaving France by the Eurostar ?
I 'm going to buy some items in France and I 'd like to claim a tax refund when leaving this country .
However , I 'm not leaving Paris by plane , but by the Eurostar in my way to London .
In London I 'll take a flight to the US .
What should I do to claim it ?
The merchant will give you the forms , which need to be filled out by the customs agency of the country of the European Union from which you are leaving Europe .
Thus you will need to do this at the London airport , prior to boarding your flight to the US .
http://www.douane.gouv.fr/page.asp?id=49#6 What can i do for work experience in Leeds ?
im doing work experience in the start of next year , and i live in leeds ...
any suggestions ? ? ?
My child , if you wish to challenge yourself and seek a new interpretation of humanity , you could try being a steward at Elland Road .
It is not an easy job but sometimes we have to take the rocky road and see the horrors and darkness before we can see the light on the other side of the Pennines .
Go to quizilla.com and eat corn ?
then ride a dragon to wonderland where you 'll meet alice and eragon .
period .
booga booga booga I just want more points .
Thanks .
How can i claim my tax refund when leaving france by P&O ferries ?
I want to buy some stuff for myself which is over like 500 euros and would like to claim tax back . .
can i and how would i claim my tax refund when leaving france by P&O ferries ?
I only have a UK pass port , is it possible to claim tax refund with a UK passport ?
Thanks !
No , as a resident of a country in the European Union , you are not eligible to claim tax back .
Why doess my toe hurt ?
Nah fuck you Because you have very poor fitting shoes ?
What lies in the shadow of the statue ?
Only the shadow knows ... .
whats good to eat ? ? ? ? ? ?
pork chops lol steak Chickenz > : ) is that necessary to pay money by me $ 785 for this procedure ?
if i pay this money and than how can believe this ?
i am thankful e.a.a.s lottery .
what ? ? ? ? ?
It is a scam .
You can not have an international lottery as the gambling laws differ in every country .
The scammers say it is `` International '' so as to cover every country .
Lotterys work like this : 1 ) 10,000 people pay 1 dollar / euro / pound / yen ... .
etc The lottery company now has 10,000
2 ) the lottery company holds a draw and gives out 7,000 in winnings ( and keeps the profit 3,000 )
Scams work like this : -1 ) nobody pays money ( there is no money to win )
0 ) a scammer sends out 10,000 spam emails to tell people they have won a lottery they hav n't entered .
( they pretend they work for real lottery websites )
2 ) The Scammer asks for your Personal details ( be prepared ! your inbox is going to be full of emails asking for you personally ... and dont get me started on what they are gon na do with your Bank details ! )
3 ) The scammer tells you that you have to pay fees before you can accept the `` winnings '' ( and NO , you cant pay out of the winnings ! they dont exist ! ... . silly maga )
4 ) The scammer manages to con 3 people out of 1000 and gives all his profits to a charity for orphaned goats ( he dos n't really ... he keeps it ; ) )
5 ) Your inbox gets more mails than help@microsoft.com Everything from `` You have won anotther sooperdooperlottry '' to `` CHAN U B A NEXT OF KIN '' to `` Please join our company , cash our checks , send us the money until your bank realises you are laundering money for us ?
)
The moral of the story is ...
If it sounds too good to be true ...
It probably is
Paul Brady http://scam-emails.info/category/all-sca… What happens if you compute a random bearing from 0 to 2 * PI radians ( 0 to 360 degrees ) ?
with all bearings having an equal probability of being chosen .
It has something to do with plotting a location on a map but I think you placed this question in the wrong section .
Where can you find a hot and filling breakfast in barcelona ?
Barcelona 's definetely not the place for food .
Very disappointed .
I want a breakfast that does n't consist of fries with eggs and / or a cold cruisant with sweet bread .
Not to single out spain ... this has been my experience throughout Europe .
I 've been here for two weeks and losing weight here ( I 've lost 5 lbs here from the 140 lbs ( 63.5kg ) I was at ) .
I 'm usually an opened minded person , but I am disappointed in the food .
The people are beautiful here .
A + + ... and the beaches are beautiful .
More to see ... ca n't wait .
Save your comments regarding health and overeating .
I run marathons ... and I do n't like my food greasy .
I definitely wo n't stop running for a holiday .
The point with you tourists in Barcelona , is that you always choose the wrong places to eat .
Barcelona is actually the place for food but you are always taken in by tourist traps ( bad food and enormous prices ) about `` Spanish food '' ( paella , tapas , sangria ) when you are actually in Catalonia , which is like a different country .
In Barcelona there are excellent restaurants , not only of Catalan cuisine but from all over the world .
Are Prospeed badminton rackets good ?
Are they really worth it cause they are quite cheap compared to other brands .
How well do they compare to Yonex ?
I 'm going for newton x60 is it good ?
What does this have to do with dining out in Spain ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Based on my experience of playing badminton in Spain , I would n't take the X60 over Yonex , that 's for sure .
Prospeed is an good brand if you play at that level .
If not , I 'd look at something more substantial - but only because the rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain .
what is that film where a bird flies out of some woman 's hair ?
Did that actually happen in The Birds ?
I 'm pretty sure I havent actually seen that movie though .
I mean was it actually IN her hair ?
and if so what the hell was it doing in there ?
What does this have to do with dining out > Spain ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
/ The Birds , directed by Alfred Hitchcock .
why do men break up good relationships to have flings ?
Why do people ask such questions in dining out Australia ?
Mostly because the guys in question always think there might just be something better around the corner .
because flings are fun because they are self centered and do n't appreciate what they have .
We are going to start this entire wedding over again ?
OR YOU WILL ALL FEEL THE WRATH OF EVIL BERT ! ! ! !
THE KING OF BOLOGNA HAS SPOKEN ! ! ! !
* steps out of white windowless van * No. F'uck you .
* gets back in van and drives away * lmao . .
OK
but you have to be the minister !
* still passed out from overdose of alcohol , drugs , and spinning around in confetti * where 's the best restaurant in Hamburg to celebrate my 30th birthday ?
It 's my 30th in a couple of weeks time and we ( my partner and I ) are nipping to Hamburg to celebrate .
We 're not familiar with Hamburg at ( having never been ) so could do with some advice . .
We 're both lovers of all types of food and like beer :-)
It 's my 30th in a couple of weeks time and the missus and I are nipping to Hamburg to celebrate .
We 're not familiar with Hamburg at ( having never been ) so could do with some advice . .
We 're both lovers of all types of food and like beer :-)
Usually all German restaurants are good .
I have n't been to one i do n't like .
Even the bratwurst stands are good .
Partner ?
Are you frigging gay ?
Dude die , no ?
Hmmm ... what kind of food does your partner like ?
Maybe you could ask someone .
What do you do when your parents force you into reading about 7 books you hate ?
Theres 7 BOOKS !
Now dont get me wrong .
I loooove reading .
But 7 terrible books I 'm FORCED INTO READING ?
My mom doesnt even READ and she thinks the if the back of a book is ok , ( ok , not good or awsome , ) She reccomands it .
What do i do ?
i dont want to hurt theyre feelings ?
auhhhhh auhhhh o im sorry im soooooooo relaxxxx rightt now but anyway .
If you mom only read the back that dose n't really tell you if the book is good .
l loooooove to read to ( well i like to read not love it ) just tell her you dont like it .
She wont get mad over a book thats what internet is for .
Call child protective services .
That 's just plain silly .
Just tell them outright that those books are n't your taste .
You would n't watch a TV programme you were n't interested in , would you ?
Likewise with books .
Tell your mum that a good blurb does n't mean the book is all that good .
I do n't think the blurb is even written by the author .
Also , find some books that you do want to read and say that you would rather read those instead .
That way , they can see that you 're not just being lazy and saying you do n't want to read , but you actually just are n't interested in those particular books .
Muslims repulse me , am I racist ?
Yes you are .
I 'm assuming only the middle east muslims do so that would qualify as racist .
can I get some beans ?
You should be more careful with this kind of question , what if they j !
zz in it and you get AIDS ?
SURE , * GOES TO GROCERY STORE * ^ -- ^ LOL HC ~ Is it possible to own such thing as a glittergun ?
- aims at you all and shoots you - = ) * whistles innocently * I did n't do it . .
I blame Percy - -- - * shoots back with the bedazzler * I knew Percy was behind this ... * is coated in glitter * NOOOOOO NOW I LOOK LIKE A FAGGY WANNABE VAMPIRE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
CRAP !
* gets covered in glitter * DX
Yes , i 'm a random muggle .
= ) Is airmaxsales.com a scam ?
Or is it real ?
I 've never heard of that website ( at least I do n't recall hearing about it ) .
If something sounds too good to be true , then It 's probably a scam .
no one likes food in salzburg ?
never heard of it but oh well You escaped from the institute again , did n't you ?
Does anyone know where Cafe Le Frog is located at now ?
They used to be at Ericsson Cyberjaya ( about 3 yrs ago ) .
Thx .
There is a Cafe Le Frog just off the expressway in Lanexa Cafe Le Frog at Ericsson , Cyberjaya I do believe is still in buisness .
I looked it up on the web , as I am not from around there .
i want to play for hobart ?
iam from afghanistan i live now pakistan iam all rounder iam right arm spin bowler and right batsman iam 16y old iam 3y professtion in hot ball ... ... ... i like hobart belive me ... ... .
that is self ur accept me or not ... ... ... ... .
my email ... .
add .
javediqbal_200838@yahoo.com ... ... ... . .
i wite for ur msge ... ... ... .
thanks ... .
a lot ... . .
... . .
help me Contact the TCA - Tasmanian Cricket Association they can give you Information on teams in the Hobart area show up for trials .
Watch the website for the dates and times Hi .
I do n't know what that is , but from your small paragraph I can see that you like it .
I will email you .
My name is Jodie and I will email .
Sign up for trials .
Go to the practices .
Good luck .
: ) Do you speak fluent English ?
how to make 24 million fast ?
play the lottery !
good luck What does it mean to be the `` man in the relationship '' ?
because i 'm a girl and my friend said that i 'm the man in the relationship . .
Here is something off of one websesite I found .
I 'm guessing it means that your acting like the guy .
I would n't call it necessarily a bad thing .
Hello , my name is Taylor .
If you have n't figured out by now , I 'm a female .
I 'm in a happy relationship with Josh and he 's a beautiful person .
The thing is ...
I feel as if I 'm the man in the relationship .
I 'm not being sexist as to say there 's only one role for a man or a woman to play in a solid relationship .
What I 'm saying is I 'm not your typical girlfriend and he 's not a typical boyfriend .
For one thing , I play more games than he does .
I choose games over seeing him sometimes ( when I already seen him a couple of times that week ) .
Not to be mean , but gaming is one of my serious hobbies that I enjoy ( besides school lol ) .
He likes to go shopping with me .
I like to see him put on clothes and judge him if it looks good in them or not .
AND no , he 's not gay !
I know you were thinking that ...
I know you .
Trust me , he 's not all girly about shopping but he does shop and try on clothes more than me .
My friends say it all the time that `` I have him on the chain '' !
That 's when I took it into consideration that perhaps I am the man in the relationship .
He got laid off from work about 6 month ago and I 'm only employed at the moment .
I do n't mind paying when we go out though.Did I mention he likes to bake too ( mostly brownies ! )
and he 's always the one cooking for me .
I never once cooked for him lawl .
There is not a specific gender role for any of these things I 've listed :
Things I like to do that men are into : ( And no I wo n't list women ... man you 're sick ! )
- games - sports - cars - games - etc !
Things my boyfriend like that women are into : - the notebook ( I 've never watched it by the way ) - shopping - baking - cooking - cleaning - etc !
Again , I 'm not saying `` the notebook '' , baking , cooking and cleaning should alway be a women 's thing .
Also , I 'm not saying that gaming , sports and cars are extremely manly ( maybe ) .
Thus , I believed to be the man in the relationship just because society says so .
That 's truly unfair , but you ca n't do anything about it .
Women are n't construction workers and men are n't nurse ( just making a point , not offending anyone out there I hope ) .
And yes , there are women construction workers and male nurse .
Stop picking a fight !
Traditionally , it 's the man who takes control of what 's happening in the relationship e.g asking out , calling , arranging dates etc. It 's not a bad thing to be like this , it shows you 're assertive : ) .
It may also have been a joke but if it was meant as an insult perhaps you 're showing ( to your friend ) that you are too in control and that maybe your partner should take some of the responsibility from you .
x You could also say , `` Who wears the pants in the family ? ''
These types of sayings mean who is the more dominate figure in the relationship .
Which person makes most of the decisions ?
They use the word `` man '' but it basically means a person who has the characteristics that I used above .
hotmail not showing on internet explorer ?
Use Firefox .
Internet explorer isn`t good .
Greetings The Freak What Are Some Good Anime Names NOT Including Sakura ?
I want to know some good Anime names but not Sakura cuz thats my name You mean Japanese ?
Just go to japanese baby names on google .
Girl names :
My name is `` Ran '' Akahana Manami Makiko Setsuko Haruko Amaya Ayume Yuna
Boy names :
Hiroto Kouki Kosuke Mamoru Taiichi How do I cope with the death of my leprechaun ?
Ive been without him for about a week now , I 'm finding it hard to come to terms with not being with him everyday , it hurts deep inside . .
I 'm not sure what to do , any help would be much appriciated :
D You should dress up as him to work .
That will constantly remind you of him in a positive way .
Whatever you do , do n't watch the Notebook .
cual es el aviso de camela en la cancion camela ?
Ummm .
WHAT does this have to do with dining out ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
go towards the light osteria parma pecora nera montechiarugolo ?
osteria , pecora nera , parma , Montechiarugolo , cibo , si ?
cosa chiedi ? ?
o.o
chiedi questa domanda su Y !
A Italia ... .
non parlano l'italiano su Y !
A United States .
www.it.answers.yahoo.com :
D How do you ask questions on yahoo answers ?
I really need to ask a question you just asked a question ?
you did it !
goooood job ( : That 's an excellent question ... how do you ? lmao
ill tell u how to ask questions if you tell me how to answer them .
CreO qee Ztoi enamOrada de tOmmii o dhe alguien muii parecidhO ?
mmmh chikzz uztedezz diganme qe kreen . .
buenho lez kontaree Muenho viaje a Alemaniia y fuii a viziitar a una amigha qe tiiene algo qe ver kn TH bueeno a mi nu me guzta acosarloz a elloz . .
no le digo a mi amix prezentam e a loz th ii ezoo zi igual loz puedo vr n una firma
emm ii en una fiezta ii baiile kn un chiko q era muii pareciido a tOmmi eztaba muii Obscuroo ii noo pude distinguiir al principiO perO dzp ce acerko mas ii ahi lO vii era el exactamenthe igual a pezra q laz lucez eran una m * * @ ii dije tOm ?
kakaultz ? ?
tartamudee 1 pokooo ii entonces me dijo qq noo no de q me hablazz ii ze puzo 1 mazcara en lakara ii bueeno me dijo t qiiero pedir algo me daz 1 bezo no lo ziento z q tengo preja poero iguyalk ze lo dii yo le qiize qitar la mazkara ii no ze dejaba pero ze la qiite ii logre verlo 1 poko ii era igual a tOm ii zaliOO korriemdo jajajajajajaja y luego ? ?
yo konosko a su doble Y ? ? ?
aaahh jonathan em no mmz lo soastes o que onda ?
I know the shnizal is really good in baumholder What 's best children 's name for single mother ? ! ?
Be nice , im serious .
im very creative i want everyone to know their mother is an artist .
Here are the choices ( first and middle names ) :
Chicken Nuggets Grape Drank Bigass Sistuh Excretions Frumanus Thing 4 Pagina Venis Lauren
Ever since Usher left me for Mariah Carey ive been worrying about this baby i gots in my clitoris .
My name is Jaimie Lynn Spears .
p.s .
im black im not a weirdo .
i did n't name my kid liam .
gross .
You do n't need extremely uncommon or out - there names to be known as an artist !
Really , if your child has one of these names ( exception - lauren ) he / she will be made fun of and ridiculed .
I 'm sorry but it 's true .
Perhaps instead of joksey funny names you could try exotic beautiful ones like Phoenix , Birdy , Jasmine , or something else you feel is beautiful and unique : ) I 'm not being mean and I 'm not judging you .
If these are the only names you are considering , I would go with Lauren .
Funny , because that is my name .
Grow the hell up Werido Liam is perfect unlike garbage .
You 2 suit each other : ) what do you think has the most ?
a or b AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA definitely .
It is totally awesome ! ! ! ! !
dfhadhashadfgfsdfsdf Why I miss Dani so much ?
Missing Dani When you are not close to the one you love and the whole world arround you seems depopulated Dani is a gorgeous man .
Why do you post such a question in dining out > Spain ? ? ? ? ?
If you were to open a fast food franchise in Mexico , which would you choose ?
Burger King ! !
:-)
Krystal What 's my middle name ?
How should I know !
Try taking a trip to the beautiful northwoods of Wisconsin in the USA .
Go to the town of Three Lakes and eat at Pine Isle Bar and Grill .
Where can I meet hot guys in Barcelona ?
I want to meet a hot Spaniard , so hot as Kyle .
Nahh !
I just want to wish you a Happy Birthday Kyle !
You 're awesome :
D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMf04ubvEhY BEHNN :
D Muchas gracias :
D
All the hotness you need is right here ;
P try Barcelona .
that might be a place to start :
D Do you think its possible for me to get a job in a Kebab shack in Berlin ?
I 'm really fascinated by Kreuzberg in Berlin , which obviously is a heavily Turkish influenced part of the city .
The food is fantastic and working in these little kebab places seems like a lot of fun .
I 'm a white european and I 've only seen Turkish people working in those places .
Maybe they only allow relatives and close friends .
People tell me I 'm weird for wanting this , but I like to experience new things .
So , do you think it would be possible for me to get a part time job or something in one of the kebab shacks ?
Thanks in advance :-)
Like the other Answerer said , all you can do is go in and ask , but eating fantastic food is one thing , working there is something else .
It 's likely to be hard work , long hours and low pay .
Why do n't you go ask a few of them yourself ?
It 's the only way to know .
What to wear in Rio in November ?
We are going to be in Rio then Buenos Aires in November .
The weather should be very warm and slightly cooler at night .
What should I wear sight - seeing during the day , and out at night ?
It 's their summer , so wear your summer clothes during the day , but have pants and a nicer top and a jacket or sweater for night .
( I live in CA , the same general principles apply here too . )
It 's Rio , wear your birthday suit .
Got a question about the new DWI law in missouri for a CDL holder ?
Do you have to retake both the written and drivers tests ?
Or do you get your licence back after a year and you are safe to drive ?
Just as long as you keep it under a case a day , you should be fine .
how much tax do i pay to bring cloth from italy to the usa wholesale ?
I suggest you http://lifeplanz.com I was looking for same answer last day on answers.yahoo.com but i browsed for an hour and got best solution over there .
I hope this helps !
I 'm having stomach problems / noises ?
I know / think it 's related to gas but I need help on what to do about it .
I ca n't sit through class without a weird stomach feeling that turns to a loud stomach noise thatblastsbfor about 5 seconds but it happens every 3 mintues for a period of time .
It 's really annoying and I need something that will help me ! ?
Please ( : I live in Thailand too , and what helps me is to drink only high - quality , well - treated water , or if I drink the cheap / free stuff then I boil it first . I wash my hands a lot , and always carry hand sanitizer with me . The rest you should know about because you live in Thailand . Sounds like some bad bacteria , not serious , but if you continue to be bothered by it then see a doctor . It 's not expensive in Thailand , as you know . HELLO SURPRISE BUTT SEX How to make Gulai Balak ( Lampung ) ? Material : 1 kg of beef / lamb , cut into pieces 700 ml coconut milk 5 pcs red onion , thinly sliced 3 cloves garlic , thinly sliced 1 BTR cardamom 1 / 2 deaf 1 / 4 nutmeg seed BTR 2 cloves BTR 3 tsp minced chilli 1 tbsp ready - made curry spice 2 tablespoons cooking oil
Refined : 1 cm ginger 1 cm turmeric 1 cm galangal 5 cloves shallots 3 cloves garlic 1 teaspoon salt
Method :
Heat the cooking oil .
Saute onion and garlic until fragrant .
Put cardamom , deaf , nutmeg , cloves , minced chili and curry seasonings .
Stir - fry until fragrant .
Put the spice paste , stir until fragrant and cooked .
Put a piece of meat , stir until meat changes color .
Cover skillet and reduce heat , and cook until the water run out .
Pour coconut milk and cook until meat is tender .
Balak goulash is a kind of Lampung food , beef goulash , a kind of beef cooking .
This is a speciality beef goulash from Lampung , Lampung province , Sumatra island .
This Lampung style goulash made of beef with coconut milk , garlic , cumin and another spices .
How to make it ?
Here you are .
INGREDIENTS :
500 gr beef , cut into cubes about 2x2x2 cm
4 cloves of red onion , peeled and thinly sliced
3 cloves of garlic , peeled and thinly sliced
500 ml coconut milk , made of one coconut fruit
400 ml freshwater
3 tbsp cooking oil for saute
Ground seasoning :
6 cloves of garlic , peeled and chopped
10 cloves of red onion , peeled and chopped
100 gr curly red pepper
3 cm ginger root , peeled and grated
2 cm turmeric root , peeled and grated
3 cm alpina galangal root , peeled and grated
½ tsp ground white pepper
½ nutmeg seed
½ tsp coriander , fried without cooking oil
½ tsp cumin , fried without cooking oil
2 tsp sea salt
Another seasoning :
2 cardamom
1 star anise fruit
3 cloves
1 tsp granulated sugar
METHOD 1 ) Use a mortal and pestle or food processor , grind all ground seasoning ingredients finely .
2 ) Pre-heat 3 tbsp cooking oil , sauté sliced red onion and sliced garlic until becomes fragrant , add cardamom , star anise fruit , cloves and ground flavor , sauté on until done .
3 ) Put the dices beef into sauté , stir frequently until color of beef change to pale , add 400 ml freshwater and cook on until close to dry .
Now , add 500 ml coconut milk , after it comes to boil , reduce heat to medium , simmer on and stir continuously until the beef tender .
4 ) Remove .
And Lampung beef goulash ( gulai balak ) is ready to serve .
Happy cooking .
Thank you .
how do u build a cd shuriken ?
look it up on instructables.com / your opinion on step - parents ?
It seems to me ( in my personal experiences ) that step - parents are just bad news in general .
About 95 percent of the time when I hear a story about a step - parent , it is a sad one .
I 've had THREE stepmoms and they were all horrible ( yes I tried to put myself in their shoes ) .
What is your opinion on the matter ?
Thank you .
my parents got divorced last year and my parents are only dating and i dont even like that .
its like the new `` parent '' thinks they actually are the parent , or that that can just barge into someone else 's life not caring that they have ways of doing things .
im not a fan of `` step parents '' , personally dislike step parents cuz they wont treat u same as ur real parentt : ) I am one , and I 'm pretty sure my adult step - son thinks I 'm pure concentrated evil .
Not for marrying his dad , but because he lived here briefly while trying to find an apartment and I did have to set some rules .
He did n't understand that we did n't live like college roommates .
How can you find someone 's forwarding address ?
You can get someone 's forwarding address from the Post Master but they have specific instructions on what to place on the envelope .
In this case you send a letter to the old address and right below the return address you place the words ADDRESS SERVICE REQUESTED .
There will be a service fee for this which you would pay when the new address is sent back to you .
It is generally a photo copy of your letter with the new address sticker placed ion your envelope that you will receive back .
Below is the link to the USPS rules for this service and others in `` Related Links '' Another way is to go to the central post office for the address in question , and fill out a `` Freedom of Information Act Request Form '' requesting the forwarding address for the person or family in question .
How to get sprint pcs handler ?
It depends on what kind of handler you are trying to get .
If you are trying to get a adobe handler , then all you would need to do is go to : http://mobile.adobe.com / then select your phone type and download .
How do you build a catapult ?
First you should know the materials you are allowed to use .
Most catapults that are built for school projects use a plastic spoon and a mouse trap .
The catapult blueprints can be found on sites at wiki answers .
now below are the steps to making a good catapult ! ! !
1.Get all your materials together ( mousetrap , block of wood or shoe box , glue etc. ... ) 2.Draw out a sketch of a catapult .
3.after you draw your sketch you need to start by glueing your mouse trap to a block of wood or a shoe box .
4.put your catapult basket on the mouse trap properly .
5.next you need to put your rubber bands on the catapult basket .
6.now you need to tie your string to its propar place .
http://www.stormthecastle.com/catapult/how-to-build-a-catapult.htm
http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=how+to+build+a+catapult&aq=0 Medieval weapons is that way + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + > > > > > > > > > I am sleepy and I do n't want to be sleepy anymore ?
what can i do about that ?
Change your name to dopey have a shower splash cold water on your face drink a cup of coffee eat loads of sugary food and have a sugar rush ride a bike sport basically , hormones are released Computer can not start WindowsXP what is happening ?
Computer can not start WindowsXP what is happening ?
Computer can not start WindowsXP what is happening ?
computer can not start WindowsXP what is happening ?
my computer can not start
when it boots Windows Xp , Windows XP logo appear for a few seconds
then disappear
ad Compaq logo appear , then BLACK screen say Windows Xp did not start successfully
asking me whether i want to start in SAFE MODE , start Windows normally or LAST KNOW GOOD configuration
when i press start Windows normally or LAST KNOWN GOOD configuration
Windows XP start for a feww seconds
then the same thing happens
HUNDREDS of times daily EVERYDAY , the same thing happens
Windows XP can not start successfully
what is happening to my computer ? ?
Thanks buy a mac what is CPF ?
what can CPF be used for ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Provident_Fund I want a girl for frndship in bhopal ( m.p ) ?
I want a girl for frndship in bhopal ( m.p ) ?
i want a girl for frndship in bhopal ( m.p ) is any girl want to join my company so u can contact me at sahil_cool1430@yahoo.com mail me dear i m cool guy , my age is 23yr and i have a good job and good salary Desperate much ?
what would you like to eat ... . ?
if its from Padang , Indonesian food ... the popular one is Rendang and `` sate padang '' , ummm yummi !
Nasi kapau and ayam bakar are also very delicious .
but now I am not there , so just would like to eat fried chicken with spice sausage ... ;-)
good luck !
some haagen daz icecream please pussy Do u think if Miss Philippines answers in Tagalog that she will be less nervous ?
IF so why not let Miss Philippines choose to answer in native tongue like Miss Mexico and Miss Ukraine and many others did .
@ Keerok that 's true but you must consider that if you have an interpreter you have another person up there with you for comfort and that his translation may not reflect the nervousness of the contestants answer .
If you 're nervous , it does n't matter what language you use .
You 're still nervous .
Personally I think the question was stupid in any language .
It 's ridiculous to assume that everyone is going to have some heartwarming story about making a mistake and overcoming it .
Maybe she really had n't made any big mistakes worth talking about .
It would have been even worse to say something lame and corny like , `` I ordered a soda with my lunch and said , ' Wow , I could have had a V8 !
' '' omg ! ! ! !
the person above me ... hahahahahha , thats hilarious !
i agree with the person above Do you represent a training issue ?
http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=153370554680462&ref=mf
http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20100824085105AAFFP42&r=w the first link can not open , the second is about the subject that I dont know about it ,
its wrong section for you , I think .
good luck btw !
Where is the best place to eat ?
at home what is ur fav drink in Kuala Lumpur ?
Teh Tarik .
: - D I love it .
lol .
fanta michael jackson ! ! !
How to keep birds from eating newly planted grass seeds ?
Put on some extra , you can not stop them .
How do I make 327 ci into340 HP engine ?
a 327 bored 0.030 over is a 332CI so im assuming bore the block out to possibly 40 over or slightly higher . .
or change too a bigger crank .
How do you sequence small intestine circular muscle cell human and digestive system ?
Look it up .
How do you reset air bag light after changing air bags ?
Take it to the dealer and have them clear the codes .
How to disassemble a pool table ?
http://www.ehow.com/how_4558762_disassembling-pool-table.html Generally you will need to flip it upside down , and from there you will need to unbolt each leg .
This really does all depend on the type of table you have .
We have a video here on my site of an installation of an English Pool Table .
You would just need to to it in reverse :
http://www.homeleisuredirect.com/blog/all/how-to-install-a-pool-table.html
If it is something more complex I would really recommend a Pool Table Installation specialist ( especially if the table will need recovering ) as this really is n't a job for an untrained hand contrary to what you might read online .
restoran di BSM apa aja ya ?
bandung super mall ada tempat makan apa aja sih ?
dalem mallnya ?
seinget gw sih dulu ada Spaghetti House , ada Rm. Sapo Singapore , ada junk food standar McD , KFC , AW , Wendys , dkk
trus di foodcourtnya ada beberapa masakan indonesia , noodle house , dll
cmiiw How to get an old girlfriend back from a year ago ?
About a year ago , I dated this one girl and everything was going great and we broke up just to go our own ways - no big fight or anything .
We started talking again - just like friends , nothing special .
But if I text her to ask if she wants to hang out , or call , she does n't respond ( mainly texts ) .
What 's up with this ?
She 's single and so am I. What are some things that I can do / say to eventually reel her in again ?
Thanks .
Be close to her as friends , and start again when you both feel comfortable .
Show her your efforts .
Communicate with her .
Show her you care and you will do something for her that will make her think that you did more than what you can for her .
STRONZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII ?
Is this to do with that poor mans death ?
What a shock .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCFj9lf8IQE
@ 2:15 ...
What do you think of Brazil and Brazilians ?
What do you think of Brazil and Brazilians ?
I am Brazilian and would like to know what you think about Brazil and about Brazilians .
Do you know any famous Brazilian ?
Brazilian film see ?
What is culture , people , police and politics ?
Know something about Brazil and Brazilians ?
And Portuguese ( Brazilian Portuguese ) ?
Know a word ?
You would like to know any ?
Please be sincere .
Sorry if I wrote something wrong , do not understand English very well .
Kisses and thanks
( I 've always been curious about it ) I 've never been to Brazil .
I do n't know any Brazilians well , and can only think of one person I 've met who is definitely from Brazil , but I can offer you a list of stereotypes you might find interesting :
* Unstable Politics
Guys who are extremely macho
Beautiful women
lots of open land ; underpopulated regions , leading to an openness to immigration from anywhere , and people who are really laid back and nice to be around .
These people are often the peace - maker in a group of non-Brazilians , like they are natural born diplomats , and this is ironic given the whole macho thing and the unstable politics .
Actually , I should warn you that most of these stereotypes apply to all of South America , but I think most people in the US ca n't name more than two South American countries and Brazil is the largest .
People in the US definitely associate beautiful women more with Brazil more than the rest of South America .
For example , Someone on Yahoo Answers asked what country had the most Beautiful women and everyone said Brazil .
This was really interesting since the questioner had actually asked what country * in the Middle East * ( not in the whole world ) had the most beautiful women .
So it really comes down to laid back guys and the most beautiful women on the planet .
If you 've recently moved to the US , these are the standards you will be expected to live up to , but otherwise , no pressure .
I 'm not sure if I 've ever seen a Brazilian film , but you probably know about the British film called `` Brazil '' which has nothing to do with Brazil .
I think the name `` Brazil '' was meant to imply a distant paradise that the oppressed bureaucrat wanted to escape to .
Soccer is very very important , and I guess Brazilian beef is supposed to be good .
I wrote all of this without looking up Brazil in Wikipedia or imdb.com .
That is what was in my head .
I hope it helps .
PS : about twelve years ago I got stuck in traffic in a Brazilian neighborhood of Boston about five minutes after Brazil won the World Cup .
Most people were waving flags , but some kids in a convertible were holding up a large inflatable Godzilla with a Brazil - flag bandanna ( which they dropped on the car next to them , leading to police intervention -- fortunately no one was hurt . I do n't think the cop even wrote them a ticket . )
Is Godzilla very popular in Brazil ?
good footballers and very itchy I know of some football players like Pele , and Rholandino ( ? )
, racer Helio Castronunez ( ? )
.
Pres. Lula .
I have seen some Coffin Joe movies , very camp .
Caetano Veloso , Bebel Gilberto , Milton Nascimento , Gilberto Gil .
Brazilians like to dance , party and have a great time , less repressed than Americans ( USA ) like myself .
I live near Miami and many people in my neighborhood are Brazilians and they work hard , respect their neighbors , are helpful .
The only thing negitive , and I do not think it is ever fair to stereotype , like I have , LOL , anyone , but some may seem a bit vain .
Cerveza gellata , I do n't know how to spell it but the only thing necessary .
Ciao !
Do you need to pre-book tickets for the Eagles Nest ?
I 'll be in Munich for Oktoberfest and fancied a coach tour to the Eagle 's Nest , yet online they all looked booked up .
We 're debating hiring a car and driving , but will we be ok to buy tickets there on the day ?
Thanks Not really .
what kind of plaque would it be considered ?
My parents have this plaque hanging up in there house and my sister just recently started a family .
At the top it says `` God Bless This Home '' and right under that it has the last name of the family .
Under the last name it has all family members .
All our names are on there wooden piece .
It can all fold up as well .
I want 2 call it a family plaque but i cant seem 2 find anything that resembles this .
What should i b looking 4 2 find something like this ?
family motto . .
sounds like family tree plaque or family crest plaque Look in in the phone book under wood carving , you can also find wood carvers at street fairs and have one made .
Darla S. What 's Dresden ? ? ? ? ? ?
AWESOME SHlT What 's dresden ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Food Can you explain in detail these questions ?
The questions were posed by a young jewish revisionist named david cole .
He rechanted his views but did this due to his life being under attack from the jdl .
When irv rubin killed himself he wrote another letter declaring that he did this rechant only from fear of being murdered .
There is quite alot in it but i would really appreciate it if someone could answer these questions with detail .
Also if you dont wish to answer the question i asked directly , please do not waste either your or my time writing anything .
thanks ! !
Heres the questions : http://www.codoh.com/gcgv/gc46-origi.html you need to put your question in the correct category ! !
What size fuse do i need ?
I just bought a 250 amp alternator for my 01 tahoe ...
It says to use 4 gauge wire and make sure its fused .
What size fuse do I need to get ?
If it matters I 'm going to be running a 1600 watt rms amp .
Thank you !
if it mattered they would tell you .
but to be triple safe call any electrical shop or home depot , loew 's .
be careful Selling property in France and new UK rates of capital gains tax ?
I 'm selling a second home in France which I will have owned for seven years .
I 'm aware that I 'm liable for the French rate of CGT at 16 % , but do I have to pay the difference between that rate and the UK rate of 28 % ?
I 'm a higher rate tax payer and I 'm aware that I can deduct renovations , selling costs etc from the total gain .
I have never lived in the house and am a UK resident for tax purposes .
I know I have to pay CGT - the question is whether I only have to pay the French rate or that plus the difference between the French and UK rates .
Yes , if you are UK resident for tax purposes and have never lived in this house as a primary residence , you will pay capital gains on the profit from the sale after your costs .
Edit : you will pay British cgt , sorry that my posting was not clear .
Your British cgt liability will be on the total increase in value rather than the local currency increase so it will have a different basis .
In other words , it will use the rate of exchange you got when you bought the house to establish a sterling basis , then you will need to use the exchange rate for the improvements and the current exchange rate for the sale .
From memory , I think that you have a currency profit in addition to whatever increase there was in the house value ?
There is a double taxation treaty so you will pay French tax first and then British tax on the difference between that and your British liability .
Oh and one more thing ; they never audit house sales so do n't be too accurate with your numbers ;-)
Tatyana , check your email ! ! ! !
= D ?
... lolz you know my email is the first thing i check when i get online right ?
XD and anyways my internet went down ( AGAIN - -- - ) i guess that 's what happens when you steal Wi - Fi off the neighbours , - -- - i am english speaking can i get a job at burger king germany ?
do you speak english and german ? ?
or just english ?
if you speak english and german you can get a job at any burgerking or resturant in germany .
but if you only speak english then you can get a job on a american military base in germany .
i know it sounds crazy but just apply at Aafes.com .
check it out !
and you dont have to be an american citizen to work there !
I think not .
They expect people there to speak English , but if you want to work there u need to know German too .
lmfao
No.
You may think you can speak English , but reading your question makes your English skills look poor .
Maybe Burger King can improve your English .
LOL Can you be Sicilian and have blue eyes , pale skin , and dark brown hair ?
yes their are mexicans that have blue eyes and light skin , so why not . .
Yes .
Ya .
U can be Asian and have all those things .
It 's all about dominant genes Who is the most important person in Ipoh ?
Somos la misma persona , chale con estas bronkadas Spanish Income Tax Question ?
What would the Income tax be on a salary between 50,000 - 55,000 euros in Spain ?
I 've looked online and it is a little confusing but so far I see that it could be up to 47 0f I earn over 53,000 .
I am British by the way and have been offered a job in Spain but if I have to pay 47 0n tax then I do n't think I shall be accepting it ! ! !
Any clarification by someone who is in the know would be great , thanks !
I would recommend that you took any advice offered on here with a pinch of salt and spoke directly to an independent , qualified and reputable Spanish Taxation Specialist in the UK who would be able to look at your exact personal situation before advising you .
There are a few about in the UK , and you should ' shop around ' , but you could start with these guys - http://www.tumbit.com/sections/tax.html In which restaurant in Venice can you find the best Tortellini ?
I absolutely LOVE baked cheese tortellini and I wanted to know where in venice I can find the best tortellini .
Any type of Tortellini will do but a nice cheesy one would be perfect .
Assuming you mean Venice , Italy rather than any of the others , you might try Da Raffaele http://www.ristorantedaraffaele.com/index.htm to see if it 's on the menu now .
If you do , get a canal - side table .
It 's a little early for the pasta al forno type dishes - you usually see those coming onto the menu sometime in October .
Tortellini in brodo would probably be more common here and is excellent .
There 's also Ai Tre Spiedi in the Canareggio area that has a good tortellini dish .
If you want something really special look for tortelloni di zucca al burro e salvia - tortelloni filled with pumpkin with a butter & sage sauce .
Tatyana , ask some questions ?
I 'm bored D = ?
I really should stop this , should n't I ?
yes ... just email me next time - -- - ummmm ... . .
hi !
Why is it that when we `` skate on thin ice '' , we can `` get in hot water '' ?
Things that make you go :
Hmmmm ... .
Boost Logic :
But why should you ?
After all ...
Your only human !
Why is it this is posted in dining out ?
I dont get it .
Cos there 's always a hot water spring below thin ice .
I hope this has boosted somebody 's logic .
Lol An indirect way to tell a friend ... something important , if your name starts with a T , click this ?
Dear somebody , you and I know we have been involved with this certain user on Youtube ... maybe he has this ' posum ' in his name ... well I needed to let you know , I 've been asking him to forget about you , and he said he wo n't stop until you work it out with him .
Our PMs :
Well she said she wanted to end it and make peace and got you involved , and got me to agree .
Now she changed her mind ?
I do n't think so .
Tells me she does n't want peace and I do n't trust her .
If she wanted to work it out she would never here another word from me .
She knows that and so do you .
So that tells me she wants me to bash her .
If she just let it die like everyone else I would n't care .
It 's the point she said one thing and did another .
If she did n't want to make peace then she should n't have said anything and got me to agree .
I was fine and she pissed me off with her lies and leaving me hanging like a fool .
She played me , and I feel she diserves everything she gets until she sticks to her word .
Well maybe that will give me time to plan and get friends together so I 'm prepaired when she comes back .
Or maybe before then if she does n't have friend lock on lol .
I plan on making it pretty hard for her to forget about me , it will be my main focus and time is not a factor .
Sure why not .
She 's the one being the bitch , not me .
It 's not so much energy as an evening pass time .
As long as I get my enjoyment out of it it 's entertainment .
So what 's the difference if I was trolling her or watching tv ?
And like I said I hate trolls , I want to be nice , I want to make friends , it 's all her doing .
All she has to do is work it out with me , so I ca n't find any wrong on my part only her , and she wants it this way .
...
In short , he 's going to start bashing you as soon as you get back on YT , if not he 's gon na trace your new account , and find you there .
If you leave YT for good , he wins but he wo n't stop , he 'll find your other accounts on other sites and troll you there .
He wo n't stop even if it takes years .
So it 's honestly your choice ... .
all he wants is YOUR WORD that he 's done !
and then he 's done !
OK check your email ...
I sent you what he asked me to This is not my man , Never Less this is not a dining out question fine - -- - i sent home something ... .
he gets ONE more chance !
btw do me a favor and just tell him not to be a dick to me ?
thanks .
Tatyana , check your YouTube inbox .
Posum sent you something ! ?
FML am I really resorting to Yahoo Answers to tell you something like this ?
Sooo , is the no - Posum policy lifted or do I have to ask these questions everyday ?
- -- - ok i did = ) we made peace , and it 's over , lol ( wooohooo ! ! ! ! ! ! = D ) what do you think of Brazil ?
hello , I am Brazilian and I am very curious to know what you think of Brazil and of Brazilian women .
thanks .
My son got married to one and I believed she married him because she wanted to come to live in the USA .
One good part of the story is that she cooks very delicious food ...
Brazilian food and we had never eaten any .
She says that she had cook and maid in Brazil and it has been hard to get used here without a maid .
I 'll be deadly honest ... a women wearing a thong with the national flag on it ... it was an amazing picture what does liking or not liking Brazil have anything to do with dining out ?
Where will I go on a night out ?
If I 'm out on a night out in Limerick ( usually Trinity Rooms ) where is the best place to grab some grub at the end ? ?
I know Superdine is the place to go after the Lodge , I just wan na know about in the city .
Give me prices and opening hours too if you can ! !
But please not , I mean after niteclubs at about 3 or 4 in the morning , and I mean specific places .
I could easily roam the streets til I found somewhere but I would like somewhere specific .
Price I 'm looking at , under a fiver .
McDonald 's , in by Superquin !
or if your in town , get a chinese : ) Do you have Outback 's In Ireland if you do , good food , good drinks meal for 2 people salad , fries , steak bread drinks less than 40.00 us dollars including tax and tip 4 - 11 daily Florida vs Tennessee Live Stream - Florida vs Tennessee Online FREE NCAA Football Match How to Watch Video ?
Florida vs Tennessee Live Stream - Florida vs Tennessee Online FREE NCAA Football Match How to Watch Video ?
Florida vs Tennessee Live Where ?
Florida vs Tennessee COLLEGE FOOTBALL Live Tv Where ?
Florida vs Tennessee Live Stream Where ?
Florida vs Tennessee Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Where ?
Florida vs Tennessee Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Florida vs Tennessee Live Stream FREE Where Can I Watch on PC ?
Florida vs Tennessee Live Online COLLEGE FOOTBALL Preseason Games Where to Watch ?
Florida vs Tennessee Online Free COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games 2010 How to Watch ?
Watch Florida vs Tennessee Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Match Where ?
Florida vs Tennessee Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Florida vs Tennessee Online FREE Stream Football TV Where to Watch ?
Watch Florida vs Tennessee FREE COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Florida vs Tennessee Live Stream Broadcast Tv Where ?
Where to Watch Florida vs Tennessee Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Free Games Where ?
Where can I Watch Florida vs Tennessee Games Online ?
How to Watch Florida vs Tennessee COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Online ?
Watch Live & Exclusive Online Stream NCAA College Football Game 24x7 on PC ... .
http://livencaatv.com
Great site and awesome quality streams !
Those guys have so many matches live , and it 's a godsend not having to spend hours trying to find some blurry jerky stream !
Definitely on these sites , because everybody knows that these are official top best sites for NCAA College Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
http://livencaatv.com
Great Video Stream site for NCAA College Football Events .
Thanks
http://livencaatv.com
From Google , Over 909b484fceople in USA & Europe are watching NCAA College Football Games 2009/2010 matches on this site online Keep Watching and enjoy Navy and Ucla , never Less this is not a dining out question All 2010 - 2011 NCAA college football games are broadcast live on
http://www.ncaafootballgame.info /
It does n't make any difference where you live ,
You can watch online and live from all corners of the earth
http://www.ncaafootballgame.info / http://live-justintv.blogspot.com/2010/09/florida-vs-tennessee-live-college.html http://live-justintv.blogspot.com/2010/09/florida-vs-tennessee-live-college.html http://live-justintv.blogspot.com/2010/09/florida-vs-tennessee-live-college.html Air Force vs Oklahoma Live - live stream college football p2p video link where on pc ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Live - live stream college football p2p video link where on pc ?
where can we watch free Air Force vs Oklahoma games online .
please give me a site which broadcast hd ncaa college football events .
thanks Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Where ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma COLLEGE FOOTBALL Live Tv Where ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Stream Where ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Where ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Stream FREE Where Can I Watch on PC ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Online COLLEGE FOOTBALL Preseason Games Where to Watch ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Online Free COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games 2010 How to Watch ?
Watch Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Match Where ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Online FREE Stream Football TV Where to Watch ?
Watch Air Force vs Oklahoma FREE COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Stream Broadcast Tv Where ?
Where to Watch Air Force vs Oklahoma Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Free Games Where ?
Where can I Watch Air Force vs Oklahoma Games Online ?
How to Watch Air Force vs Oklahoma COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Online ?
Watch Live & Exclusive Online Stream NCAA College Football Game 24x7 on PC ... .
http://livencaatv.com
Great site and awesome quality streams !
Those guys have so many matches live , and it 's a godsend not having to spend hours trying to find some blurry jerky stream !
Definitely on these sites , because everybody knows that these are official top best sites for NCAA College Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
http://livencaatv.com
Great Video Stream site for NCAA College Football Events .
Thanks
http://livencaatv.com
From Google , Over 90911b4fceople in USA & Europe are watching NCAA College Football Games 2009/2010 matches on this site online Keep Watching and enjoy ▌ ( Yahoo Official Answer ! ) ▌
Definitely from these sites , because every buddy knows that these are official top 5 best sites for NCAA 2010/11 Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
Best Answer █ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com
█ █ █ http://NCAA.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://SkySports.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com ( Presented by ESPN3 for all NFL , NCAA and All Football Matches LIVE Streams )
█ █ █ http://FoxSports.LivePcSports.com
Presents All Football Channels like ( ABC , CBS , Fox , ESPN3 , ESPN360 , ESPN U , NBC , BBC , CBC , ESPN , TNT , Big Ten Network , Local etc etc )
From Google , Ask , Bing Survey , Over 90911b4fceople in USA , Europe and Rest of World are watching all NFL 2010/11 Football Matches LIVE Online on these sites .
▌ 100 % Working , Hope this helps ▌
▌ ( Yahoo Official Answer ! ) ▌
Definitely from these sites , because every buddy knows that these are official top 5 best sites for NCAA 2010/11 Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
Best Answer █ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com
█ █ █ http://NCAA.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://SkySports.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com ( Presented by ESPN3 for all NFL , NCAA and All Football Matches LIVE Streams )
█ █ █ http://FoxSports.LivePcSports.com
Presents All Football Channels like ( ABC , CBS , Fox , ESPN3 , ESPN360 , ESPN U , NBC , BBC , CBC , ESPN , TNT , Big Ten Network , Local etc etc )
From Google , Ask , Bing Survey , Over 90911b4fceople in USA , Europe and Rest of World are watching all NFL 2010/11 Football Matches LIVE Online on these sites .
▌ 100 % Working , Hope this helps ▌ navy and ucla neverless this is not a dining out question Oregon State vs Louisville Live - live stream ncaa college football p2p video tv link where ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Live - live stream ncaa college football p2p video tv link where can we find a active live tv link in internet.plz any one provieds a site link which broadcast Oregon State vs Louisville games .
Oregon State vs Louisville Live Where ?
Oregon State vs Louisville COLLEGE FOOTBALL Live Tv Where ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Live Stream Where ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Where ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Live Stream FREE Where Can I Watch on PC ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Live Online COLLEGE FOOTBALL Preseason Games Where to Watch ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Online Free COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games 2010 How to Watch ?
Watch Oregon State vs Louisville Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Match Where ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Online FREE Stream Football TV Where to Watch ?
Watch Oregon State vs Louisville FREE COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Oregon State vs Louisville Live Stream Broadcast Tv Where ?
Where to Watch Oregon State vs Louisville Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Free Games Where ?
Where can I Watch Oregon State vs Louisville Games Online ?
How to Watch Oregon State vs Louisville COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Online ?
Watch Louisville vs Oregon State Live & Exclusive Online Stream NCAA College Football Game 24x7 on PC ... .
http://livencaatv.com
Great site and awesome quality streams !
Those guys have so many matches live , and it 's a godsend not having to spend hours trying to find some blurry jerky stream !
Definitely on these sites , because everybody knows that these are official top best sites for NCAA College Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
http://livencaatv.com
Great Video Stream site for NCAA College Football Events .
Thanks
http://livencaatv.com
From Google , Over 908a9b4fceople in USA & Europe are watching NCAA College Football Games 2009/2010 matches on this site online Keep Watching and enjoy ▌ ( Yahoo Official Answer ! ) ▌
Definitely from these sites , because every buddy knows that these are official top 5 best sites for NCAA 2010/11 Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
Best Answer █ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com
█ █ █ http://NCAA.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://SkySports.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com ( Presented by ESPN3 for all NFL , NCAA and All Football Matches LIVE Streams )
█ █ █ http://FoxSports.LivePcSports.com
Presents All Football Channels like ( ABC , CBS , Fox , ESPN3 , ESPN360 , ESPN U , NBC , BBC , CBC , ESPN , TNT , Big Ten Network , Local etc etc )
From Google , Ask , Bing Survey , Over 908a9b4fceople in USA , Europe and Rest of World are watching all NFL 2010/11 Football Matches LIVE Online on these sites .
▌ 100 % Working , Hope this helps ▌ Navy and Ucla , Never Less this is not a dining out question If you could eat for free tonight in any restaurant you wanted , what would you eat ?
Indian Cuisine ( : chineseeeeee ! ! : ) pasta with pesto and scallops .
mmmmmmm i 'm drooling now .
Utah vs New Mexico Live - live stream ncaa college football p2p video tv link where ?
Utah vs New Mexico Live - live stream ncaa college football p2p video tv link where ?
Utah vs New Mexico Live Where ?
Utah vs New Mexico COLLEGE FOOTBALL Live Tv Where ?
Utah vs New Mexico Live Stream Where ?
Utah vs New Mexico Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Where ?
Utah vs New Mexico Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Utah vs New Mexico Live Stream FREE Where Can I Watch on PC ?
Utah vs New Mexico Live Online COLLEGE FOOTBALL Preseason Games Where to Watch ?
Utah vs New Mexico Online Free COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games 2010 How to Watch ?
Watch Utah vs New Mexico Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Match Where ?
Utah vs New Mexico Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Utah vs New Mexico Online FREE Stream Football TV Where to Watch ?
Watch Utah vs New Mexico FREE COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Utah vs New Mexico Live Stream Broadcast Tv Where ?
Where to Watch Utah vs New Mexico Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Free Games Where ?
Where can I Watch Utah vs New Mexico Games Online ?
How to Watch Utah vs New Mexico COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Online ?
Watch Utah vs New Mexico Live & Exclusive Online Stream NCAA College Football Game 24x7 on PC ... .
http://livencaatv.com
Great site and awesome quality streams !
Those guys have so many matches live , and it 's a godsend not having to spend hours trying to find some blurry jerky stream !
Definitely on these sites , because everybody knows that these are official top best sites for NCAA College Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
http://livencaatv.com
Great Video Stream site for NCAA College Football Events .
Thanks
http://livencaatv.com
From Google , Over 909a974fceople in USA & Europe are watching NCAA College Football Games 2009/2010 matches on this site online Keep Watching and enjoy Are you talking about dinner in Germany ?
▌ ( Yahoo Official Answer ! ) ▌
Definitely from these sites , because every buddy knows that these are official top 5 best sites for NCAA 2010/11 Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
Best Answer █ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com
█ █ █ http://NCAA.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://SkySports.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com ( Presented by ESPN3 for all NFL , NCAA and All Football Matches LIVE Streams )
█ █ █ http://FoxSports.LivePcSports.com
Presents All Football Channels like ( ABC , CBS , Fox , ESPN3 , ESPN360 , ESPN U , NBC , BBC , CBC , ESPN , TNT , Big Ten Network , Local etc etc )
From Google , Ask , Bing Survey , Over 909a974fceople in USA , Europe and Rest of World are watching all NFL 2010/11 Football Matches LIVE Online on these sites .
▌ 100 % Working , Hope this helps ▌ Navy and Ucla , Never Less this is not a dining out question Texas vs Texas Tech Live - live stream ncaa college football p2p tv link video how & where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Live - live stream ncaa college football p2p tv link video how & where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Live Where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech COLLEGE FOOTBALL Live Tv Where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Live Stream Where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Live Stream FREE Where Can I Watch on PC ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Live Online COLLEGE FOOTBALL Preseason Games Where to Watch ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Online Free COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games 2010 How to Watch ?
Watch Texas vs Texas Tech Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Match Where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Online FREE Stream Football TV Where to Watch ?
Watch Texas vs Texas Tech FREE COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Texas vs Texas Tech Live Stream Broadcast Tv Where ?
Where to Watch Texas vs Texas Tech Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Free Games Where ?
Where can I Watch Texas vs Texas Tech Games Online ?
How to Watch Texas vs Texas Tech COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Online ?
Watch Texas vs Texas Tech Live & Exclusive Online Stream NCAA College Football Game 24x7 on PC ... .
http://livencaatv.com
Great site and awesome quality streams !
Those guys have so many matches live , and it 's a godsend not having to spend hours trying to find some blurry jerky stream !
Definitely on these sites , because everybody knows that these are official top best sites for NCAA College Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
http://livencaatv.com
Great Video Stream site for NCAA College Football Events .
Thanks
http://livencaatv.com
From Google , Over 90899f4fceople in USA & Europe are watching NCAA College Football Games 2009/2010 matches on this site online Keep Watching and enjoy Navy and Ucla , Never Less this is not a dining out question ▌ ( Yahoo Official Answer ! ) ▌
Definitely from these sites , because every buddy knows that these are official top 5 best sites for NCAA 2010/11 Football matches which gives live streaming in HD Quality .
Best Answer █ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com
█ █ █ http://NCAA.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://SkySports.LivePcSports.com
█ █ █ http://ESPN.livepcsports.com ( Presented by ESPN3 for all NFL , NCAA and All Football Matches LIVE Streams )
█ █ █ http://FoxSports.LivePcSports.com
Presents All Football Channels like ( ABC , CBS , Fox , ESPN3 , ESPN360 , ESPN U , NBC , BBC , CBC , ESPN , TNT , Big Ten Network , Local etc etc )
From Google , Ask , Bing Survey , Over 90899f4fceople in USA , Europe and Rest of World are watching all NFL 2010/11 Football Matches LIVE Online on these sites .
▌ 100 % Working , Hope this helps ▌ H ( a ) nna Who ?
What if we play a secret one ?
Hehehe .
A ;
B ; 5th ;
P&S King ;
P&S Queen ;
P&S Jester ;
I was the Avigame Queen , and you know it ... ;
D Let 's hope it lasts a little bit longer this time .
A : once again - i love how my real name is on your profile !
B : well you already know > -- < 5th:where have you been ?
King :
ME DUH !
Queen : all the females !
Jester :
A ;
He already knows !
B ;
Peaches is very pretty = ) 5th ;
P&S King ;
Burnttoast P&S Queen ;
Alessa P&S Jester ;
Hanna whoooooo
e- yeah peaches , i 've been on and off , ha .
Keh .
Toluka ?
To look a where ?
Kbye Watch Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Online FREE Video Stream NCAA College Football Match Sopcast Radio Link ?
Watch Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Online FREE Video Stream NCAA College Football Match Sopcast Radio Link ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Where ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh COLLEGE FOOTBALL Live Tv Where ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Stream Where ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Where ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Stream FREE Where Can I Watch on PC ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Online COLLEGE FOOTBALL Preseason Games Where to Watch ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Online Free COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games 2010 How to Watch ?
Watch Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Streaming COLLEGE FOOTBALL Match Where ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Online FREE Stream Football TV Where to Watch ?
Watch Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh FREE COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Where ?
Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Stream Broadcast Tv Where ?
Where to Watch Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Live Stream COLLEGE FOOTBALL Free Games Where ?
Where can I Watch Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh Games Online ?
How to Watch Miami ( FL ) vs Pittsburgh COLLEGE FOOTBALL Games Online ?
Wrong category - if I 'm dining out and want to see football , I 'll head for a sports bar .
This would n't be my first choice of games to watch .
Does this birthday idea sound okay ?
So , on the 4th of November , I 'm turning 17 .
I really want to do something for it , but I 'm not having a house party because the house has literally just been all done up , and my mom and dad do n't want anyone to mess it up , which I totally understand .
I live in Ireland , so I 'm also not going to rent out a club or whatever , and have Rihanna playing , haha .
No ' Super Sweet 16 ' stuff .
I was thinking of maybe inviting a few friends down to Cork for the day , and we could just hang out in the city . .
does that sound like a good idea ?
Yes that sounds awsome !
SHOPPING on Grafton Street sounds like that would be a BLAST !
Happy early B - DAY ! !
that sounds like a great idea Umm !
You could do something else .
Like Invite your friends for dinner late at night at the coolest restaurant .
Before that watch a movie / shop and meet guys : ) How would the French authorities know where my tax residency is if I sneak in from another Schengen state ?
The answer is that they can find out if they want to but why would they want to ?
The days when you could evade tax by putting cash payments in your car and driving from the Netherlands across the border to Belgium to stuff it in a bank there have long gone .
If you earn money in France , you will owe French tax .
If you have savings in a French bank you will need to provide them with your passport and home address and your capital gains and dividend income will be reported back to your country of origin by the bank .
If you give a French residence , you will owe tax in France .
If you buy a house in France you will be liable for French wealth tax and will need to show the source of the funds .
omg contacts GUESS WHT ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
i still have 1 week with you today i went to my school and they told me that school starts next week not tomorrow yay : ) ) ) ) ) ) omg BJ NOO NOOO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO i live in iraq
we have computers in my high school but we dont need them in our home works so the teachers wo n't let me use them plus i dont have time to use them Yay !
Can we celebrate with lamb chops for dinner ?
* looks at your lamb and licks lips * i 'm thinking pajamas : ) please tell me solution of these what should i do ?
if yahoo is create problem in my account how can i remove this problem what should i do You need to contact Yahoo Customer Care directly for them to assist you .
What does this have to do with Mexican taxes ?
What are 10 things you want to do before you die ?
Get a part time job this year summer romance = D - that keeps going even after summer haha get merit endorsed in level 3 NCEA go to uni get a career I love travel all over , see heaps and make heaps of new friends find a great partner try a deep fried twinky , a ding dong and a pop tart ?
sky dive scuba dive all over NZ with family just to live a good life 1 ) get a teaching degree 1.5 ) be able to get enough money together to pay off my student loans ( lol ) 2 ) get a boob job 3 ) fall in love 5 ) loose my virginity 4 ) go to Germany for a couple of months to a year 5 ) Open up a successful cupcake shop 6 ) Own my own home and have it decorated exactly the way I want it 7 ) Get a husky dog 8 ) become completely fluent in German 9 ) Travel all over Europe 10 ) drive an old camaro What is Jayapura ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I think its some Indonesian food .
How come my contacts do n't get on when I do ... ?
* crickets * LOL Callum < 3 Mama Mia , dont try to lie We know you dont have a life
* Hugs you * Because at least two awesomely awesome people need to be awake for P&S .
When you 're not on , I am on for you .
When I 'm not on , you are on for me .
And that 's the way the cookie crumbles .
Looks like it 's just you and me
* Pops out a bottle of champagne *
* Turns on Marvin Gaye * * cough * :
P Troll House Cookuies ? ? ? ?
Your Screen Name ?
What drinko you offer a senorita in el clubo ?
First , I learn Spanish .
Then , I order her something SHE likes .
Is it wrong that I posted this question in the wrong section ?
Nah dude it 's in the perfect spot !
It just earned me 2 pts ! !
Thanks !
This is so a waste of a question .
yes it is What is special about Hobart ?
What makes Hobart so unique ?
Travel about 25 minutes south of Hobart to Peppermint Bay Restaurant , 3435 Channel Highway , Woodbridge .
They have great seasonal food and excellent views of Bruny Island .
The ocean trout is a speciality .
Where in the world are you talking about ?
I 'm familiar with Hobart health food stores in NE Ohio .
They are great for restocking my herbs and spices as well as yeast and bread flours .
Others get lots of their vitamins there .
I do n't know of a Hobart that would fit into Dining Out .
Edit :
Sorry , I now see Hobart is a city in Australia .
well if you lived in hobart you should know Whats the name of the resteraunt next to Mama in Kata beach ?
So , I 've tried googling it but it only comes up with a Mama resteraunt that I 'm not looking for , one overlooking the beach .
this one is in a turn off , im not sure which turn off or what road but I was staying at The Hilton and it was along the road along there you go along for about 5 minute drive and then its on the edge of a court / street .
There is a bar or something opposite Mama called Malisa and so my question is , what is the resteraunt called next to Mama ?
Please , I need it urgently .
Papa A mall in good india bopal ?
search on google a park in india bhopl ?
search on google a beautiful park in bhoplal , india ?
park in my backyard !
search on google Van Vihar National Park .
Please help me with your favorite Oregano Chicken with gravy recipe ?
I was in Greektown the other day .
It was marvelous .
Thanks for your help with this .
YOU are much appreciated .
roast your chicken standing up , coat with milk , oregano and cracker crumbs , Garlic and butter roast for 30 minutes check if done pierce with fork if juices run clear chicken if done cook longer if needed , chicken should just fall off the bone que es andar por la quinta libre ?
se supone q es un apregunta capciosa y mi suegro me dejo de tarea q lo averigue URGEE !
PorFavor ( : Thank You and God Bless You Islam or Catholicism ? ? ? WHICH ONE IS CORRECT AND WHICH ONE IS BS ? ! ? ! neither are correct , however you can choose whichever one , they both have their ups and downs . although you ca n't prove them , so niether is correct . religion - dilusion = the same thing ... both are . one teaches to murder , the other is a knock off of christianity . catholics broke off from christianity because they wanted to do their own thing . Islam is definately correct . what is the best type of cat ? house cat Fancy cat Liger . it all depends on you . Personally i love the look of maine coon cats .
For food , it 's okay .
They do n't care .
Friends and myself will usually bring meat and chocolates from Australia .
Wines will need to be declared if you bring in more than 2 .
Which we do , paying the tax and GST is still better than the super high prices we pay for lousy wine in Singapore .
Yes .
first of all they will charge you tax for the product depending on how much it is and what it is .
Then there will be an over sees shipping tax .
Some places wont have a weight tax but rather a box tax .
An iPod touch right now for tax altogether might cost around 70 - 80 $ including s&h Please share with me your favorite meat , dressing and sauce recipes ?
I am planning on doing my part in a family reunion .
I want to make it unforgettable .
Thanks for your help as it will be fully appreciated .
cant think of anything off hand but , go to wwwfoodtv.com good luck .
Please share with me your favorite meat , dressing and sauce recipes ?
I am planning on doing my part in a family reunion .
I want to make it unforgettable .
Thanks for your help as it will be fully appreciated .
sorry , i do n't know , i ca n't help you , , Tips memilih menu makanan untuk membuka cafe ?
saya berminat membuka cafe di skudai namun buntu dengan pemilihan makanan yang hendak di sajikan kepada pelanggan ... ade sebarang pendapat ?
I am planning to manage a cafe , would you help me with the menu ?
do you have any tips on choosing the menu for a cafe ?
next time try speaking in English , that will get more answers .
Good estate agencies in Vienna ?
I am going berserk looking on an agency 's site at apartments rental ...
And I am wondering if anyone knows other good agency 's sites ? !
Thanks .
Here are the only two sites I could find :
http://www.europeanproperty.com/directory/at/vienna /
http://www.ezilon.com/austria-real-estate.html
I do n't know how good they are but hopefully they might be helpful .
Do guys like shy girls ?
I am shy and people tell me that a lot and it seems guys do not notice me sometimes they say im pretty or cute but they all go for the crazy outgoing ones but I dont want to change .
I like the way I am .
btw : im 14 You should n't change for a guy .
It 's harder to get them to notice you when you are young .
But , when you get older and if you are still shy and quiet it will attract the `` good guys '' that are n't just a waste of time : ) So , be yourself .
And be happy about it !
NOP you should not change for a guy , wait a bit in a few years the right man will come along and he will like that you are shy ( Contacts ) Whereeeeee ... ... ?
... is everyone ?
`` Present yourself '' Oh btw Aldo , I went shopping on Saturday and they have a new shop called `` Aldo '' It 's for shoooooes :
P @ Ashes , yup you are : ) An dito ako * pops out of pokeball *
aldo aldoo !
Here Miss Who .
I 'm going to drop a package of to my sister so i will be back later .
= ) random lock on compuyer network ?
the other day i restarted my computer .
when i turned it beck on there was a wpe lock on my pc network .
i tried to re start my router and reset it .
they both did nothing .
i am onn ubuntu .
would a system restore work .
if not give me some ideas What 's a compuyer ?
and why is this posted in Dining Out > Spain ?
yes system restore will fix your problem , Never Less this is not a dining out or fast food question , when put in the dining out section not the computer section Poll What is your favorite , Foreign meal ?
Mine is a , German meal .
What say you ?
like you . .
german . .
german potato salad , sour kraut is an example ...
Chicken Malaya with pineapple rice Chinese food !
IDK ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
Everytime I go downstairs when I am alone i find the window open when I had just seen it closed ? ? ?
What is going on your going crazy lol
i have no idea what is going on Which is good restaurent in Baroda for couple ?
Which is good restaurent in Baroda for couple ?
You should try Mirch masala , in Alkapuri ... it has an awesome ambience & great food .
Its build on a retro style and serves good food .
Its must place for couples and friends .
A bit costly , but its worth spending over there .
Try the jalebi ... .
its hot , crispy & juicy .
What cheap things can you do over the summer in Hobart ?
im from interstate . ?
It will really depend on what part of Tasmania , as all our cities and towns are very close to parks and bush land so hiking is popular and free ( if you already have the right gear )
In Hobart over summer there is the finish of the Sydney to Hobart yacht race , New Years eve fireworks and the botanic gardens and the Hobart Regatta in early Feb
The Taste and Hobart Summer Festival Festival which runs from Dec 28 , MONA FOMA mid Jan have various attractions cost depends on what you want
Salamanca markets every Saturday , and Growers Market every Sunday what to do if u cant get a job and need money ?
i am ten and i need money i scoop snow in the winter and clean leaves in autumn but i earn 50 cent what do i do to earn more ?
You can buy products from stores and sell them for a higher price , clean cars , be a panhandler , be creative and you can find a lot of things you can do !
forget about money and go to school what you need the money for ?
just ask your parents .
how would you like it if you were read a poem over dinner in Yala ?
♥
The tables all set with the finest of fare cloth napkins and china and best silver ware just find you a table and pull up a chair and I will afford you a verse if you care
I met him on Sunday the sky was all clouds he brushed me in passing I recoiled from the heat of the current passed through me ... oh wow !
in mid air my gaze only reached to his navel and he would look down on my head with a smile that moment in time would I cherish and savor
winds blew from the west , the north and the south free flowing the blew to the east as we 'd feast and we charmed would endeavor to dance about
however the moon did not smile down on me and one day he walked out of my life one last time as much as I missed his company , I was just glad to be free
so that is the tale I tell it so well and if I look pale and under a spell could be that with child I am wending my way the devil his due , to pay
♥ hi Shy , you found me , even here in Yala !
Yay ! !
what would you like for dinner ?
It is most certainly a dining out question , I was told to form my question with the how . .
and I did and I asked about dinner and a poem ... and If it were a better poem I would read it aloud over your dinner ... ok ?
Hi Nancy it is an interesting piece , but I 'm kinda dumb .
What 's Yala ?
I smiled through S 2 .
Hugs .
OOps I see it over there on the right , but never heard of it .
please read to me baby blues . .
i do n't mind a bit ... we need to even this mess out with a bit of culture .
Yala 's pizza ?
Is there any custome tax for importing watch to Malaysia ?
I want to buy watch from the US .
But i did n't know whether i need to pay custom tax for the product .
If there any , how much they charge ? .
They might check it , but it probably will be free .
If you are coming to Malaysia , just wear the watch , and customs wo n't do anything .
But if you are sending it by post ( which is very risky ) , you could get charged import tax .
depend on the quantity .
1 would'nt being charged .
Need Tax advice for Singapore ?
I am a Singapore PR.I am planning to start an e-commerce business where the customers will be across the globe and will place the orders on internet .
I am planning to incorporate the organisation in USA .
These internet orders will be fulfilled through Operations in India and directly the material sent to the customers .
Only the bank account for the organization will be in Singapore , where the global revenues for the internet orders will be routed through Paypal .
In this case will I be liable to pay tax in Singapore ?
ashu_sharmaa@yahoo.com I do n't think so besides for the bank account taxes , but you can read more here : http://www.guidemesingapore.com/corporate-taxation/c321-corporate-taxation-system-overview.htm how o check import tax rate in malaysia ?
Plan to start my retail business in malaysia .
I have a supplier from USA will send me fashion jewelry via shipment .
Want to ask how and where can i check the product tax in malaysia ?
i got a product 's tariff code but have no idea where to reffer to .
Should i just get 1 freight forwarding company as my agent to handle all the custom clearance and check items import tax for me ?
Kindly help as i have no experiance on this ...
The import tax depends on what the product is .
You probably should get a freight forwarding company as your agent since you have no experience in import taxes .
pajak yang dikenakan terhadap lembaga perbankan syariah itu apa saja ya ?
Saya kira tidak apa - apa .
How is your msn ... ... ... ?
Tokio Hotel fans Give me your yaho msn please I 'm man my msn is correct , but this is not a dining out question mmm > -- < pone el tuyo : / jaja . .
che una pequea aclaracion : en estados unidos leipzing no es una categoria asi como lo es en latinoamerica una seccion de tokio hotel Where is a persian restaurant in Valencia ( Spain ) ?
Do n't you want to eat SPANISH food while in Spain ?
Okay .
Here you go .
Do you KNOW how to use Google ?
http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8&q=Persian+restaurant+Valencia+Spain Is there any store of baskin robbins in goa ?
Is there any store of baskin robbins in goa ?
If yes , can you please tell me the location of the store ?
Yes there are 3 on the map .
Althino , Panaji ( Panjim ) Miramar , Panaji ( Panjim ) Calangute ( Panjim ) Mhapusa no there is not Can you name some good corrido artists , ?
That are women too ?
and that the songs that are similar to `` las macdivas , las cabronas , las viejas chakalosas ? ! ? !
thanksss ( :
Me puderan nombrar algunos artistas que cantan corridos ?
y tambien mujeres que cantan corridos ?
y me pueden nombrar algunas canciones que sean similar ha `` las macdivas de los amos , y las cabronas , y las viejas chakalosas ? ! ?
Jenni Rivera is the only women one I can find .
Do you like these lyrics ?
Live for the moment break for the past dont waste your time , cuz it doesnt last
think about later , the future beyond dont you forget , that life still goes on
today is over tomorrow to come thats all that matters the past is done
Next is a new day think about that your life is not over no no not yet
live for the moment break for the past dont waste ur time cuz it doesnt last
think about later the future beyond dont you forget that life still goes on it is very nice , bu i think it would be a BEAUTIFUL poem .
If it was a song it would be a very pretty soprano part .
sorry if that was not the answer you were looking for .
= ) No. WAAAAAAAYYYYY too cheesy They 're decent .
How to calculate tax if i got a permanent job and running a small business ?
Hi , All
Currently I have a permanent job and on top of that , I started to run a small business .
I 'm hiring my husband as an employee and he is entitled 11 0.000000E +00PF contribution on monthly basis .
Besides , there is bonus paid out during the year for his good performance .
Traveling allowance is provided to him as he needs to travel regularly for business .
Besides , I 'm also using one of my room in my house to do administrative work and treated it as small office .
Electricity and phone calls are charged to my personal name .
Is anyone of you got idea how does the tax computation to be done ?
How do I combine my employment income and business income in Borang B ?
Please advice .
Thanks , You can hire an accountant to do all of that stuff for you .
I think you could just add up the taxes you have now with the taxes you have to pay for the company .
What do the TV guides do when the time changes ?
Do they just repeat 2 o'clock or what ?
the guides shift with the time change where to buy a mouse ?
Best buy for the computer mouse and for an actual mouse , a pet store .
: ) At a pet store .
Or a computer store .
Or a computer petstore , if you wan na go that route As in computer :
Best Buy .
As in animal : pet store .
when 10 gangsters attacked one man with knives and choppers shouldnt this be considered cowardice ?
Of course it is .
But it can also be considered sensible and prudent by the gangsters .
If you asked yourself , `` Why does the west invade Iraq , but did nothing about china with all its millions more human rights abuses , or directly invade russia back when the soviet union was around than starting proxy wars ? ''
You could also make the same arguement .
You have to realise , depending on why you sympathise with , your perception of their actions will vary widely .
All we can agree on is that in confrontation , there is safety in numbers .
It 's considered insane and offensive when a person keeps posting the same question over and over again in different categories .
di mana sih tempat makan western yang enak , cukup berkelas , tapi harga per porsi ga sampe ratusan ribu ?
aku mau sweet seventeenan tapi gak dipestain , cuma dinner atau lunch gitu , ada saran gak dimana ?
hehe thankyouu : ) They took the toys out of the fast food boxes here , too ...
Bummer !
no hablo indonesian .
bkit gnun halos ng tga samn gsto ako ka sex at bkit maraming ngagalit sken ?
gawin nila na dahil ikaw ay kaya kaibig - ibig !
Ikaw ang reyna ng gubat at ako ang iyong tigre tao , makikita ko lutuin ang iyong mga manok , kung ako , Kung kaya ko .
how do i know if this question is a question ?
i dont know what a question is ...
Because there 's a question mark !
( : Anyone here able to help me in accounting ? im a first yr accounting student from australia and needs some help i have comparative balance sheets and an income statement and need to complete a cash flow statement from this i am converting from accrual to cash basis , but am having trouble with some things from the balance sheet . anyone who can add me on ym my email is texan122333@ymail.com
i need to get this done by tonight , please help ! ! !
http://www.googobits.com/articles/932-how-to-prepare-a-cash-flow-statement.html This talks about cash flow .
No sex drive ?
Whats wrong ?
My bf and i have been together for over four years .
We have a ten month old daughter together .
For the past two years i really havent had any desire to have sex unless i drink .
Whats wrong ?
Not exactly sure why this question is in this category ?
Sorry ?
But answer if u 'd like I dont really see a problem i guess ... i just dont want to make my bf think im no longer in love or interested i him because i am .
One common problem that happens is this .
I have been there and done that .
You have to figure out what it is first that is destroying your sex drive .
If your on medication like birth control or anti-depressants that is something to think about and do research on .
Other then that it could just be stress , maybe the kids , really anything that makes your life stressful can do this and lower the libido .
One thing I tried that seemed to work while I was doing it was exercising .
I just felt sexier doing it which kind of boosted my libido .
However it was n't the best solution for me .
My friend told me about these herbal enhancers that are made from natural herbs and do n't cause any side effects besides having wild sex .
She said it 's the female version of viagra .
I had to find out .
I would always have a weak orgasm too ( if I had one at all ) , which after trying this sex enhancer , it boosted them tremendously .
I do n't get multiple orgasms but I 've had plenty since being on these herbs .
It 's seriously like the best vibrator ride you 've ever experienced .
These things make me horny all the time , some days I do n't even take them because the urge is just too strong .
Do n't try out single herbs because they do n't do it like the blend of herbs these scientists and researchers pick out .
I 've tried a couple of them by itself and they did crap .
The stuff that I 'm on is called Hersolution , at the time I saved money on it at herenhancement.com .
Make sure you get the 3 month supply that way you fall under the guarantee / return policy if the herbs do n't work for you , you can return them with no questions ask .
I bet they will work though and you wo n't have any problems .
Also if your on medication of any sort , check out the gel because if your like me , you would n't want to swallow any thing that might react with the medications your already on .
Well have a good day and hopefully you solved your problem .
maybe you are maturing , eventually like every one else , you will wan na get it in .
Ask yourself , is there really something wrong with having no sex drive ?
Most people like to think so and say that it 's a problem , but that does n't actually make it a problem .
Do it when you want to and if you do n't want to there is nothing wrong with that .
Ser se se minha compra vai ser taxada ?
Pessoal , esta minha primeira compra internacional , entao nao sei se serei taxado , o que voces acham ?
11/11/2010 22:49 CTE JAGUARE - SAO PAULO / SP Encaminhado Encaminhado para CEE FORTALEZA - FORTALEZA / CE 11/11/2010 16:17 CTCI SAO PAULO ( GEEXP ) - SAO PAULO / SP Encaminhado Em trnsito para CTE JAGUARE - SAO PAULO / SP 11/11/2010 15:50 CTCI SAO PAULO ( GEEXP ) - SAO PAULO / SP Conferido 11/11/2010 14:19 CTCI SAO PAULO ( GEEXP ) - SAO PAULO / SP Conferido 10/11/2010 01:56 BRASIL - BRASIL / XX Encaminhado Em trnsito para FISCALIZAO / CUSTOMS / XX 10/11/2010 01:56 BRASIL - BRASIL / XX Conferido Recebido / Brasil Quehar pesto beha isti an coraherod ...
`` Encaminhado '' esca pelligrino 63/54/71
Quehar pesto beha isti an corapestino ...
`` Conferido '' esca pelligrino 17/54/72 !
Quelle turdo !
want to know , is this yho.msnger have to pay ?
You do n't have to pay for it .
It is free .
peter steventon in germany ?
trying to locate my english friend peter steventon who lives in germany He might be one of these - go to : http://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/Peter/Steventon Good luck !
Tax Refund in Milan and Paris ?
I 'm traveling to Europe from Italy to Switzerland to France by train and back to Switzerland by car .
Is it possible to stamp and get a tax refund for purchases made in Italy and France at France 's boarder ?
If not , how can I collect Italy 's tax ?
Yes you can .
Just ask anyone working at the station where the custom office is .
There you can get your refund Can I buy ... ...
In Florida ?
please help ! ?
Can i buy Swiss chocolate in FL ?
and what stores sell it ?
and for how much Approx ?
Please help & Thankyou !
Try a specialty Eurpean store .
Dunderbaks at the malls sell it .
Try World Market also .
Candy bars approx $ 3 each .
Look up on line specialty food stores in your area .
Try Yahoo local .
Also loook up candy stores Can you become a top contributor in Thiruvananthapuram ?
I REALLY hope so .
Uhhh ... ... . .
Does yahoo even know this place exists anymore ?
I want to be the first ! !
:
D Keep getting Best Answers here for two weeks , and then you 'll find out !
( :
I doubt it though ... / :
Does anyone know about Goa ?
I want to know of some joints or restaurants in Goa ( India ) , where authentic best local Goan food is available .
It should be cooked by a Goan cook , not by someone from another state .
Better get that little place yes , i know Spider bite ? ? ? ? ? ?
translate indo :
Laba2 nggigit ?
I 've ever bitten by a black , small spider when i was 3 .
It has black colour , has a small leg and a small body like a generally house spider .
Trully , it 's not me that got bitten .
i do n't know what i think about it on that moment , so i bitten myself deliberately by stepping on that spider .
It feel painfull and like my leg muscle was pulled unexpectedly ( cramp ) .
My mum just binding my leg with a rope .
And a few minute later the pain was gone and i 'm ok and i 'm still live now . .
What kind of spider that bite me ?
note : i 'm from gresik , east java , indonesia
Jadi ceritanya gini , pas aku umurnya 3 tahun , aku pernah digigit sama laba2 kecil warna item .
Warnanya kaya item gak terlalu mengkilat terus badan n kakinya seimbang alias sama2 kecil kaya laba2 rumah biasa yang nempel di tembok2 atau kaca2 .
Sebenernya sih bukan saya yang kena gigit , entah waktu itu aku mikir apa , aku malah sengaja nginjek tu laba2 lewat .
Rasanya kaya sakit kram gtu . .
tapi gak tau beneran digigit atau ga. Trus mamaku cuma ngiket kakiku aja ( dikira beracun ) tapi kan ga ada lubang bekas taringnya , buat apa ya ?
terus beberapa menit kemudian sakitnya ilang aku juga masih hidup sampe sekarang .
Sebenernya itu laba2 apa sih ?
NB :
Dulu saya tinggal di gresik , jatim NB again :
Sori lo ya gk nyambung kategorinya , soalnya gak ktemu seeh This sounds to me like the bite of a `` Cupboard spider '' technically known as a Steatoda part of the grossa species .
They are classified as `` lower level '' in severity in terms of how dangerous they are nevertheless , from the symptoms you described it sounds like a moderate amount of venom perhaps 0.2mg went into you .
It would have been advisable that you visited a doctor .
Your mum 's `` treatment '' is a very wise tactic for dealing with bites , it encourages blood to the area where anti-bodies can attempt to engulf the venom .
Hope this has helped to cure your curiosity .
Does Diet Solution Program Really Work ?
Are there anyone who bought this diet program ?
thanks Sarah , you can find some useful reviews about diet solution program here : where to buy Windows7 ?
ebay should be the cheapest place , or craigslist .
Just make sure the activation code has n't been used .
am I cool ?
i have a theory ... ?
Im asking this question because monkeys are cool .
We evolved from monkeys , therefore we are cool ...
This is my theory of popularity .
Your theory is meaningless ... monkeys also groom themselves in public , eat bugs , and drink there own pee .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLs5ZcZFLYU
so based off that , id have to say your theory is false : ) what is the customary markup for various classes of goods in mexico ?
This question is very difficult to be answered , because of its amplitude .
There 's is an 18 0n some cases , there 's 40 0n others .
5 0n redistribution cellphone time , for example .
So , I 'm sorry , maybe if you want to know a specific class of goods , will be easier to us to help you .
can i ask my supplier put my client 's name in the BL ?
my supplier does n't want to put my client 's name in the BL because the suplier said , contract is between me and them and not involve my client .
i want to put my client 's name because they apply for tax exemption .
Hi Nik :
1 .
If you have mentioned sample BL in the inquiry stage highlighting client ' s name , you can ask the vendor to comply .
2 .
You can ask your supplier to mention consignee name as your client and mention your company name as the notify party so that relationship between supplier , buyer and the client exists on paper .
3 .
If the local tax emptions rule of your country permits , then you can mention the consignee name of your company on behalf of client ' s name and for so & so project .
4 .
If your supplier is stubborn despite the above , it means he just want to confront and doesn t want a solution , just change the supplier next time .
Terima Kasi , from New Delhi how can i get chatting room which have local person of indian cities like lucknow ?
Baharaich Would i go to prison for this , and how long ?
i plan to set the world record for most people punched in the face ( males only ) and not get in trouble , im in a boxing club and already have 56 different people punched in the face , pretty good considering i started 2 days ago . .
probably so , but as long as ur o n a rampage , i hv a few ppl You could ... people might report you for assault .
but if they give you permission to do it ... most likely not .
Should i cut my hair ?
i think long hair makes more beautiful a girl .
i advise u as a friend please do n't cut ur hair .
if u want u mug sure , if it 'll look good are the Windows 7 they selling in ebay real or fake ?
THey are real .
All of my guy friends in my house ...
A huge blur ?
They all broke into my house and strapped me in my bed while they were only wearing their underwear ...
Then I was knocked out ...
I woke up ...
Such a blur ...
WHAT HAPPENED ? ? ? ? ?
O : > .
> ew ... .
Can a raccoon kill a goat and a bear at the same time if it has a bayonet ?
This is a very important question and if you do n't answer , you 're a jerk .
Hell ya .
when i was in da woods wit my papy we did see that happen once .
but the raccoon had a small buck knife and not a bayonet .
by da way ... where would a raccoon get a bayonet anyway ? ?
ACTUALLY simultaneously ?
Probably not .
But I think it could easily stick the bear through the heart and then thrust back to break the goat 's neck .
Then again , it depends on the height of the raccoon .
What do you think about Bazil ?
So , I 'm brasilian and I wan na know what you think about our country and us ...
I have some friends who are brazilian and as far as I know your people are very kind and respectful , well sometimes : ) Other than that I 've never been to your country so I ca n't say much , but I completely adore your football team .
You guys have skills !
: ) And I have to say that I hate the stereotypes about the country saying that they are poor .
Best soccer ( football ) players in the world , bar none ... ... ...
Why am i on yahoo answers ?
Why am i wasting my time o yahoo answers .
You are on Yahoo Answers because currently there is nothing more interesting to do than to ask a question and have other people respond \ read other questions people have asked .
BECAUSE person u are on this site.And your probably bored i dont know which are the 100 BIGGEST cities ?
the hundred that are biggest .
When you think of Brazil what comes into your mind first ?
When you think of Brazil what comes into your mind first ?
corruption ?
beautiful girls ?
Soccer Nuts Yellow & green Samba dance / Carnival Hair waxing Nuts .
Ipanema Beach .
Charged ' Duty / Tax ' for something I 've already picked up 5 months ago from FedEx .
Why ?
What if I do n't pay it ?
Who charged you ?
The state or FedEx ?
If it 's the state , I would call and ask could only the finance office , the same with FedEx .
I would n't pay without knowing , could be as well a fake and than your money is gone for nothing .
Franky Was it shipped internationally ?
If it was then any shipments you receive again from overseas or abroad will be at risk of being held .
Recommendations for expensive restaurants in Venice serving good vegatarian dishes ?
Taking partner to Venice to celebrate significant birthday milestone and want to have a big blow - out in a posh restaurant .
Being vegetarians we want to avoid the basic pasta or risotto options ( and before you ask we do n't eat fish - they are not vegetables ! )
.
Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated - we already know about La Zucca !
La Zucca , which you already know about , is your best bet .
It 's a wonderful place .
Venice is the place for you if you 're looking for expensive restaurants - most of them fit into that category .
There are not so many places here that are specifically vegetarian , but you should be able to eat well in most places .
Some of the more expensive restaurants like Quadri are closed until the end of March except for Christmas and Carnevale .
In addition to La Zucca , you might try Osteria Giorgione http://www.osteriagiorgione.it/it/index.htm , it 's not strictly vegetarian , but does have some options for you .
I heard that small local restaurants in Goa serve much better Goan cuisine than most of the bigger ones ?
You heard right .
Such restaurants are run and managed by local families .
In most cases , the spices are made at home .
The owners themselves cook the food sometimes ; or they employ a cook of Goan origin .
The washing machine is drying my clothes and the dryer is washing them .
What shall I do ?
And my wife 's Honda is made in America and my Saturn is made in China .
Try to fix the knob by toggling circular or otherwise which is responsible for washing .
You normally find these knobs over the top of the machine on front panel .
This is the first case I had seen like this , the water should not go in dryer , there is no inlet to dryer for water !
Damn it !
And how come the washing is revolving so fast to dry your clothes !
Astonishing !
Awe !
umm ... ... : ?
whats the question ?
Just roll with it .
As long as you can still do the wash is all that really matters .
And as long as the car is still getting you A to B , who cares where it comes from .
download super scribblenauts ds rom ?
I want to know where I can get it , just want links .
So I could report them to filehosting , can you tell me where to download Super Scribblenauts DS rom for NDS ?
Hey um if you like direct download link , http://anime720.com/blog/2010/10/14/download-super-scribblenauts-ds / go there .
Use latest wood r4 firmware please .
Enjoy www.google.com i found a torrent only like 15mb hope it helps
http://btjunkie.org/torrent/Super-Scribblenauts-NDS-simmyboy80/43584957e93da89cb9086e52c1f98b44b2a2532663f7 Download Mario vs donkey kong mini land mayhem ds rom ?
Hi i am in german , my english is weak .
I want to get links for this for my 7year old son .
Can you help me ?
thanks Hey Hallo guten tag ; ) .
http://anime720.com/blog/2010/12/01/5325-0.000000e+002 % 93 - mario - vs - donkey - kong - mini - land - mayhem - multi3 - u / go there , and download it .
Then extract it , then put on your micro sd card .
and load on ds. enjoy cartoon character pictures for facebook ?
I am in german , I want to ask where to get cartoon character pictures for facebook .
Help please ^ -- ^ , danke schon .
Hi my friend .
http://anime720.com/blog/2010/12/05/download-cartoon-character-pictures-for-facebook / there are many images compiled there , please choose one you like .
also then save it , and upload it to fb .
google images , search for one u want , then save one , then change your profile picture Google images is a great place to get cartoon character pictures .
Tons of them .
Download Sonic Colors DS ?
Hallo I want to download this ROM for my son , I am not computer techie guy .
Can anyone tell me where to get it ?
I got a r4 .
thanks Hey You mean the latest game for nintendo ?
The one by sega ?
wait a min lem me search ; ) .
Here http://anime720.com/blog/2010/12/01/5269-sonic-colors-usa / go there , get it .
enjoy Rom 's are illegal .
If you want the game you 'll have to buy it legally .
Download ivy the kiwi ds rom ?
This thing came out , where can I get it ?
Any link or something http://anime720.com/blog/2010/12/12/download-5406-ivy-the-kiwi-ds-rom / this you mean ?
That 's the game right ?
I need help ?
I just bought a new computer ( please help ) ?
ok so I just bought a new computer .
Its a dell .
I just did all the internet stuff yesterday , so know the internets working .
the only probleam is whenever I try to go onyoutube it wont let me watch videos , and on other websites I cant really see any thing .
Like facebook will let me log in but i cant do anything else .
Once I log in I cant see my friends statuses or anything .
I tried intalling adobe flash player but it wont installpl ?
I thought that was the Problem , but it was intall ?
I have a PC and its a windows 7 .
Please help = ) You need to delete system 32 , its bogging down your computer and giving you this problem I would n't delete anything ... .
maybe its the browser you are using ?
Check settings or try a different browser .
Being it 's new you can call tech support .
What sex move is this ?
Well , me and my boyfriend do this a lot , and I do it with lots of other guys too .
I rest my head between his legs and do a backflip thing on him where my boobs are on his face .
what is this called ?
AND IF ITS NOT A REAL MOVE WHAT SHOULD I CALL IT ?
boobyslap ?
sexual titty slap ?
someone immature may call it titty face : ) the whoranator About Switzerland , please provide all the information a person would NEED to know ?
- If an individual was traveling from London , UK , how could they get to Switzerland from there ?
- And if they were traveling from the NY , US ; how would they get to Switzerland from there ?
- What is the cheapest way to travel and get around Switzerland ?
- Where is the cheapest place to stay ?
- Where is the cheapest places to shop ?
Please feel free to provide any other additional information .
Please provide information on ANYTHING or EVERYTHING a person would NEED and HAVE to know when traveling there .
Thank you : ) good lord .
okay , so I 'm assuming you 'll fly either to zurich or geneva airport - ( ZURICH IS MUCH NICER ) , while both have a large lake , zurich is aesthetically a more beautiful city , and people speak german ( not french haha ) .
your choice .
From NY it 's pretty much the same thing .
you want to try and get a direct flight ( one in the evening to reduce jet lag , so you leave there at night ( sleep on the plane ) and get here in the morning ) .
usually from NY there are no layovers in other countries .
travelling around switzerland will not be cheap .
there is is , flat out .
for example , zurich and geneva are on opposite ends of switzerland ( more or less ) and the three hour train ride costs around 70 CHF .
still , trains are probably your best bet ( because of fuel prices and rental costs etc ) .
Plus , the transport systems here and absolutely marvelous - always perfectly on time , clean , fast , efficient , and you can find public transport to almost any remote little village .
http://www.zvv.ch/en / that 's the train website ( in english ) so you can book train rides from place ( a ) to ( b ) and see prices etc. ( : the cheapest places to stay will be youth hostels . http://www.city-backpacker.ch / that 's the cheapest hotel IN zurich city in the nice , old part of town with tons of nightlife bars and currently ( though not for much longer ) a christmas market . you can easily get from there to the part of zurich with clubs . there 's shopping everywhere . it costs 35 a night ( as you can see on the webpage ) cheapest to shop . . it 's all going to be expensive . sorry . it sucks , trust me . I 'm broke .
you might want to speak a LITTLE bit of german , but most people speak english here . .
if you write back about what kind of scene you like I can give you more detailed information ?
( about clubs or type of shopping , malls , food ? )
only really if you 're coming to zurich though .
( : Wow your really asking a lot of questions . I will do my best to answer them in the order that you asked them . I have answered every thing but cheap places to shop.Which I believe you will find out from people you meet along the way . I also included a link # 5 which gives you a little history about hostels . I have traveled all around the world and have found that hostels are cheap , and great way to meet people . I hope these links will help you and good luck on your trip .
1.http : / / www.seat61.com/Switzerland.htm Tasting menus in Madrid ?
?
I 'm visiting Madrid for a few days : what are the best restaurants ( Michelin - star grade ) ?
We 'd love a good tasting menu if possible .
Anything near to Madrid is also good .
type it into google lol : ) Most if not all the restaurants in Madrid are fantastic .
I just got home from a 3 moth vacation there and never had a bad meal .
Although the costs of eating out while on vacation can get a little high it is well worth the cost .
Considering that even eating out while at home can get a little pricey , you may just consider getting food at a local market ( the markets in Madrid are good , but not as good as eating out ) .
In short , you ca n't really pick a bad place to eat out in Madrid .
Eating out is just fantastic .
What is the name of the game ?
Yogowypi .
This is the great game of life .
You only get out what you put in .
where are the spectacles shops to make spectacles ?
all in a row along spectacle lane somewhere between Singapore and Hong Kong Why do white people hate mexicans ?
I don know why some people hate mexicans cuy mexicans like me come here to work and to make the united states a better place and if it wasnt foro us the united states wouldnt be this good and mexicans ar better than white people because chite people ar lazzy asses ! ! ! ! !
1 .
Discrimination 2 .
Americans thinks they 're superior above all races .
even with their recession .
3 .
Mexicans does n't study English , so when they have to work they struggle to learn the language thus Americans hates them .
4 .
Zoro saved the Mexicans from the Spaniards , and the Americans on the 2nd movie .
Not all white people hate mexicans , white guys looooooove latinas hahahahahA Can I watch Wrestling in Lyon France ?
You sure can Darling , in SKY SPORTS HD Does drinking Sprite really help if you have a cold or a fever ?
My mom used to always say to drink a Sprite or 7up when I was sick and after drinking it I would feel better .
Why ?
Does ur mom also make tortillas when its cold and a stroms a coming and rubs alcohol on ur head when u have a fever ?
mine does ahhahahahaha adriel sprite hydrates u and adds a bunch of unnecessary calories n sugar perhaps that 's where u get ur sugar rush but it does n't contain caffeine unlike mountain dew thats tweek in a can ahhahahaah to answer ur question , not really !
If got a bacteria get antibiotics , got a virus then treat the symptoms It wo n't help you , but since it has caffeine it will make you hipper so that way you wo n't go to sleep so easily and that you can still be active .
It may make you feel better if you have a cold but will not help with Mexican taxes .
name that sexual position ?
I ( the man ) am upright leaning forward , she ( the woman ) is on her back with one leg out to the side and another over my shoulder the asian space monkey KFC Colonel meets Popeye I believe its the `` leg blider '' or `` butterfly . ''
any recommendation of good indian restaurant in Bali ?
im planing to go to bali at 26th of dec , im a fan of indian food , any recommendation of good indian restaurant in Bali ?
TIA Hi , yes .
If not mistaken there is one not far away from Discovery Kartika Plaza ( Kuta ) .
There are a few Indian , you should also try the local food .
If you are in Kuta , try TIGA NYONYA ( the street to go to the beach , before the shopping centre hi , U can try Queens of India located in front of Discovery Hotel Kartika Plaza .
P.S to Dee , its not Gateway to India , Queens is the best one , i tried gateway of india but not good .
thanks When was the food guide pyramid made ?
What year and by whom ?
The USDA made a new food pyramid in 2005 , here is teh website :
mypyramid.gov
I go there alot to check on my diet .
The Food Guide Pyramid , was published by the Danish Consumers Co-operative Society in Denmark in 1978 and later adopted by the USDA ( United States Department of Agriculture ) in 1992 .
Check the article for more information The nutritional guideline known as the food pyramid , and formally titled the Improved American Food Guide Pyramid , was published by the FDB in Denmark in 1978 and later adopted by the USDA ( United States Department of Agriculture ) in 1992 to replace the earlier food groups classification system .
( citation needed ) The food guide pyramid suggested optimal nutrition guidelines for each food category , per day , using a mnemonic graphic of a pyramid with horizontal dividing lines to represent suggested percentages of the daily diet for each food group .
Why do people like to be obese ?
As stated before , they do n't really like it .
Truthfully they lack the discipline to properly moderate their caloric intake .
Many of them have tons of health problems , including but not limited to , knee problems , back problems , heart problems , diabetes , and ultimately a much shorter life - span .
Additionally though , they are generally teased for being overweight , and typically have other problems such as depression .
I do n't think they like it .
Some people just do n't know how to stop eating or portion control .
No one likes to be obese .
Do n't know why you would think that .
Most people who are overweight , are emotional eaters .
They do n't know how to cope with depression or stress and turn to food .
Which makes them feel bad , which makes them eat more .
It 's a vicious cycle that can be very very difficult for someone to change .
They should not be made fun of or turned into societies whipping post because of it either .
They 're still human beings with the same feelings as every one else .
And end up with hurt feelings when insulted and made fun of the same as you or I would be .
What time is it ... . . ?
?
No that 's not what I meant .
It 's Howdy Doody time !
9:24 pm 9:25
; ) where abouts of Sam Dhingra in australia brother looking for him ?
According to the telephone directory there is only 1 person in Canberra with his surname ( Jagjeet Dhingra )
However , there are 3 x S Dhingra 's in Australia ( however this does not show unlisted numbers ) all of whom are in New South Wales .
Check out - www.whitepages.com.au what it is CST number ?
Central Sales Tax number Any registered trading organisation needing Inter-State transportation of goods , will have to get a registration with the Central Government Agency , and specify therein the types and nature products that will come under this trading .
The Central Government will levy a resonable tax , if you are registered thus.Otherwise you will be in Soup .
Its a central sales tax number .
Any registered trading organisation needing Inter-State transportation of goods , will have to get a registration with the Central Government Agency , and specify therein the types and nature products that will come under this trading .
The Central Government will levy a resonable tax , if you are registered thus.Otherwise you will be in Soup .
when u purchase from outside ur state , suppliers collect sales tax ( 2 0.000000or outsiders ) from u against c form .
What brand of yogurt doesnt have gelatin ?
Just now i found out the brand of yogurt i buy has gelatin .
Was i upset ?
Heck yea !
After six months of being a vegetarian i make a mistake , but as long as i didnt know im fine .
So what brand of yogurt can i buy like at wal mart ?
Thanks in advance ! ! ! !
the butter brand country crock is missing one ingredient from being plastic !
Im new to hobart and need to find a bulk billing doctor .
i do have a centrelink health care card .
help ?
Hi your best bet is to call doctors surgeries in your area and ask directly if they take on new patients and also if they bulk bill .
Many do bulk bill in Hobart , particularly if you have a health care card .
I go to Northern Suburbs clinic at Glenorchy and they bulk bill .
However call around and ask .
( look under yellow pages for doctors and local medical centres ) Is it safe to eat this ... ?
Eat Italian sausage if it says `` SELL BY '' four days ago ?
If it smells OK , it 's probably safe .
Winnipeg , winterpeg , windypeg . ?
Humm , could you repeat the question ?
I 'm not sure I understand your question ...
I 'd have to say Winterpeg but it is the friendliest city in Canada so that makes up for it .
too above if we are the friendliest then why do we have the highest murder rates in Canada ?
how i can be resident in foreign countries ?
It 's difficult for most people right now .
It is n't impossible , but does depend on your qualifications .
There is a Canadian who just arrived for a job with the company that I work for in Italy a few weeks ago .
However , he had an advantage because the company he worked for in Canada was a consultant for us and we knew him .
He also has specialized knowledge of specific software tools .
Right now , the healthcare field probably has the best opportunity .
My direct experience is with Italy , but the process would be similar for other countries .
Check the consulate websites of countries you 're interested in for specific details .
I moved to Italy 11 years ago and am still here .
You will need to get a visa that allows you to live and work here if you 're not European ( student visa , residence without working , work visa ) .
You will need a job in place before you go or be able to show you can support yourself without working .
You also need a decent knowledge of the local language as you already know .
It is n't particularly easy especially with the current economic conditions ; the recovery is lagging and there are n't a lot of jobs .
You ca n't just show up and move in .
As noted above , you would need a visa to live & work here legally .
EU citizens have the right to live and work freely within the EU , others can not automatically live and work here .
The site for visas here in Italy is : http://www.esteri.it/visti/index_eng.asp .
The site has links to the application , the additional information you need to supply in order to get the visa and where to apply .
It also includes education visas which are somewhat easier to get than work visas .
You can find similar information for other countries on their consulate websites .
The rules in much of the EU have been harmonized and will be similar .
You can not apply for the visa from Italy ; you need to do that before you arrive .
When you get here , you will have to apply for a Permesso di Soggiorno ( Permission to Stay ) from the authorities .
This will have to be renewed annually until you qualify for a long term permit ( 5 years ) and that requires that you pass an Italian language proficiency test .
A work permit is separate - you can not apply for that yourself .
The company has to apply and they have to be able to demonstrate that there is not a viable EU candidate for the job .
As a result , jobs for foreigners including Canadian or US citizens are pretty much restricted to people with special education , knowledge , or experience ... and you would have to be able to speak the local language .
Right now , the best bet would probably be something in the health care field .
When I moved here , it was through a transfer of the job I was already doing in the US to the Italian office .
Even so , it took 8 months to put all the paperwork in place to apply for a visa .
It 's useful to check the expat sites for information about living and working in the places you might be interested in :
http://www.expatsinitaly.com / http://www.escapeartist.com / http://www.expatica.com /
You need to look carefully into the economics of the move .
The cost of living is somewhat higher here than in Colorado where my US home is .
Do they serve fresh crocodile here ?
Of course ...
But first you ll be served to them ... thts so groos and unhuman .
I do n't think so , they serve fresh crocodile here .
Is the chipotle in weston , Fl open on new years eve ?
I do n't think it was .
Have you tried calling them or checking the website ?
What kind of clothes are age - appropriate ?
What kind of clothes are age ~ appropriate , yet fun and flirty at 24 with an 8 mo old ?
I seem to have a little taste but fallen used2 the tight - bootied sweat pants with the loose ankles & a tank or tshirt .
Advice 4 different outfits ?
A pretty dress with nice colors .
jeans with some uggs a low neck button up blouse and a cardigan I would think that Charlotte russe would be a good store for you .
It has stuff for people your age and inexpensive Need a publisher for my book ... the book is in english ... ?
I 've written a book which deals about social problems thats been faced by a girl .
it features how she ends up loving her life rather than ending it .
This web site lists all the book publishers in the UK .
From experience , you have to keep trying lots of publishers , as getting a book published is very difficult ,
Just keep plugging away .
http://www.freeindex.co.uk/categories/shopping/books/book_publishers / y so srs ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
`` Let me put a smile on that face '' Mein kampf .
Why did I just masturbate to Zack Galifianakis ?
I was watching his `` Between Two Ferns '' sketch on funnyordie.com when I just started strokin ' my ding dong .
This is totally normal , right guys ?
Reassure me .
oh totally .
happens to me all the time with robin williams ... .
NOOOO !
Noooo !
where can buy bread bowl in malaysia ?
I stay in KL , anyone know where can buy bread bowl in Kuala Lumpur ?
At a store .
que te gusta mas responder o preguntar ?
ok canberra function venue for 300 people ?
a place where we can choose our own caterer .
PLEASE HELP hey hope the source will help you Why u mean like a mean meanie ?
Huh Stop spamming kid .
Shut up .
A mean meanie is basically one cares about no one but oneself .
Tax Question Help Please ?
i know i can claim my fiance but under the question on `` dependents relationship to you '' what should go there ?
Other , if you definitely meet all the rules to claim him or her .
In cooking , What is a soffito or soffeto ?
I was told that it was some kind of sauce .
I will appreciate your help with this .
How would you make this sauce , what products , etc. ?
It 's called sofrito and it 's Puerto Rican based : 2 green bell peppers , seeded and chopped 1 red bell peppers , seeded and chopped 10 ajies dulces peppers , tops removed 3 medium tomatoes , chopped 4 onions , cut into large chunks 3 medium heads garlic , peeled 25 cilantro leaves with stems 1 tablespoon salt 1 tablespoon black pepper Basically you just chop it all up to a salsa consistancy and use it however you want .
It is nothing to do with dining out in Spain .
That would be Italian , I believe .
Have you thought about checking out one of the gazillions of cooking websites ?
Soffitto is Italian for a ceiling .
Sofrito would be an hispanic tomato sauce .
http://spanishfood.about.com/od/sidedishes/r/sofrito.htm Como hacer una prueva ?
hasta donde llega el ocio no ?
Estoy en el cel provando esta aplicacion si resulta adios saldo Si fazer una prueva .
Se escribe prueBa ...
Cmo tiene que ver con comer en restaurantes ?
what is the income tax like at vietnam ?
All foreigners having incomes in / from Vietnam , regardless the length of time they live in Vietnam , are the payers of personal income tax .
With respect to whom living in Vietnam less than 183 days , they will be liable for paying tax at a fixed rate of 25 % ( formerly 10 % ) of the aggregate income .
With respect to whom living in Vietnam over 183 days ( so called locally - resident foreigners ) , they will be subject to the progressive tax tariff , with the maximum rate of up to 400f their monthly income .
The taxable income minimum rate applicable when calculating tax for a locally - resident foreigner is VND 8 million .
Some foreigners have developed methods of legally paying reduced tax levels to as low as 15 % .
This is by way of off setting expenses and through investment .
Those foreigners in business pay varied levels of taxes subject to the type of business .
Apart from a flat rate of 28 % ( down from 32 % last year ) , other taxes need be paid on goods or services which may be anywhere from 2 % to as much as 8 % .
Those additional taxes can be off - set against the flat rate or in addition to it .
Subject to the type of business , those additional taxes may not be charged at all .
http://www.vietnam-ustrade.org/index.php?f=news&do=detail&id=33&lang=english
For Vietnamese citizens in Vietnam , it is as follows ... .
Average monthly per capita income ( unit : 1,000 VND ) Rate ( % ) 1 to 5,000 0 2 over 5,000 up to 15,000 10 3 over 15,000 up to 25,000 20 4 over 25,000 up to 40,000 30 5 over 40,000 40 What does a fog horn sound like ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZ-sY6NXsPg
- Hope i helped ! ! !
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-74YtxSHCjU I hope it helps ; ) OHOOHHAAAAAAAA ! ! ! ! ! !
your mom during intercourse tall short or average ?
iam 5.7 and 23 years old boy and im really confused cz of my height whether i fall in the category of short , average or tall people.when i was young and was growing everybody used to say that iam growing really tall and i used to feel really uncomfortable cz of those comments and wanted to stop being further tall.now when im done with my height growth i have started to find the people calling me really short specially girls although there is still fair amount of people who rate me as average and tall . .
now iam really confused whether iam tall , average or short . .
often i regret about not adopting the diet and exercises that could have enhanced my growth when i was growing cz of misguidance .
You are as tall as you feel ... ... ... ... .
average u are average but on the low end of average .
sorry .
but you should n't worry about how tall u are .
Going Adelaide for winery estates tour , Should i drive my own car or get a tour ?
We are going to Adelaide SA for couple of days and would'nt miss a day trip to barossa as we know there are great winerys there .
Should we get an organized tour and enjoy wine tasting with no worries or drive my own car and go where i want when i want ( and dont ' try wines ) ?
I have no idea of how much there is to do in barossa , i know there are some pretty nice heritage villages to visit too , if anyone has been there any suggestions ?
def a tour than you do n't need to worry about drink driving .
The are a lot of bed and breakfasts @ baroosa that do tours with you and take you to your designated wineries and pick you up , worth looking into ! ! !
There are a lot of wineries in the Barossa Valley.I suggest that if you intend to do a lot of wine tasting hire a chauffeured car There is no pint in visiting wine places without trying the wine .
Do it the relaxed way without the worry of driving.Enjoy Adelaide.There are lots of wineries down my way too but most people travel in a chauffeured car and view the wineries that way .
tour Is pacman really yellow ?
yes or no Yes i would call him mustard in color Where did the Zionist movement take place ?
I could n't find it anywhere on the internet , Thanks It is the modern rebirth of Israel as the Jewish state in zion What is a good suburb to open Bakery / Cakes & Cafe in Adelaide or on SA coastline ?
Depends on what you want .
I would go for a beachfront location , perhaps down toward Noarlunga , I do not know how the competition would be there , but the life style is great .
There should be enough business to survive there .
Enjoy !
assignment on French speaking Canadians in the province of Quebec ?
French speaking Canadians in the province of Quebec You can watch the history of Quebec on YouTube ( link below explains how to find the videos , etc ) .
There are 36 videos ( each 10 minutes ) that covers the whole history of Quebec .
It 's in English .
There is also an article at Wikipedia that you might be interested in reading called ' Quebec French ' ( link below ) .
It has a good overview of Quebec .
It starts with a short overview of the history of Quebec , so it might be a good place to start .
Write a report on the situation of the French speaking Canadians in the province of Quebec in the period 1980 - ?
Write a report on the situation of the French speaking Canadians in the province of Quebec in the period 1980 - 2010 with respect to identity and language .
A really good History of Quebec ( in English ) is available on YouTube .
I covers the entire history of Quebec in 10 minute clips ( up to 1990 ) .
The link below explains how the clips are numbered on YouTube so that you can search for them .
What does this have to do with the dining out category ?
Funny thing is , you do n't even specify what the topic covers in general .
You are so vague .
Cheap laugh for today .
its this a good butterfly knife ?
http://www.bladeplay.com/item--Revolt-Tanto-Black--4748 i bought it off the sight and wanted to know if its good Not a tanto blade that is more like a dagger or a spear point .
Anyways it looks okay and it 's sandwich style construction and considering you bought it for $ 15 then no it 's bot actuality knife .
Your not not getting a good quality knife at $ 15 those kinds start at $ 50 your knife looks like it I 'd made with low quality steel and looks like they focused on looks upon creation of this knife .
And no if your gon na practice flipping around with this butterfly you 'll be disappointed because the screws will come loose .
Quality balisongs or butterfly knives start at $ 90 and upwards because butterfly knives are expensive to make .
The one you bougt is probably mass produced in china and has 440A steel which is the same steel found in kitchen knives .
Yes it 's corrosion resistant but t wonthold a edge long .
But if you bought it for flipping then it 'll be fine if fat why to bought this knife yeah very good knife It 's a decent knife .
Be sure to keep the screws tightened or use Loc - Tite on them .
Is it bad that I hold my poops in for 2 weeks at a time ?
No I do that too .
However my butt hole is like this big :
* actual size It 's really bad , get some ex lax Wtf is wrong with you .
Go take a dump .
movie question please help if you can not ?
this movie came out years ago .
i 'm pretty sure an older person knows what the name of this movie is called .
okay it was about a car that killed people and control them .
a man took it to a jump yard and had it crushed but the car unbent itself back out .
th Christine ?
Christine .
1983 , directed by John Carpenter .
Is Italy a beautiful place ?
well if it is how was it ?
How 's Italy is it beautiful how were the Dinners there ?
and stuff because i want to go to Italy but not before i go there i want know how it is : ) Yes it was Beautiful i loved it !
the Dinners were awesome and the people there are Nice !
- Hope i helped ! ! !
I have been visiting a number of countries but one of the best was definitely Italy .
All parts of Italy are wonderful , the cities with their history and art , the seasides with their restaurants and amazing beaches .
It is one of the best countries the earth has .
They have everything , mountains , seasides , good fashion , outgoing and open people .
Definitely visit major cities , such as Rome , Bologna , Venice , FLORENCE , Siena but also small villages on the seaside , such as Forte dei Marmi or Santa Margherita Ligure .
You would looove it !
what is the name of the bark used in kerala to make the water pink ?
i use that to make my water pink in color .
but i do n't know the name pathimukam , when it reacts with water it changes water pink .
pathimukham Is it cool in Naples ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
is it or is it Lame ? ?
It 's cool yeah and it 's weird your gon na ask this 3 times !
- Hope i helped ! ! !
Naples , or Napoli in Italian , is a nice place right on the coast .
Great weather , great landscape .
its good but i heard people are quite rough / not nice ... still a good place with a good view , weather what is the import duty on scarves from india to mexico ?
India does not levy and duty on exports from India .
On the contrary Customs give you drawback on the items exported .
Drawback is a cash refund of the local and central taxes levied on the inputs used in the manufacture of the item exported and depends upon the value of the goods exported .
For the import duty on import into Mexico , you need to contact Mexico Customs or some tax consultant in Mexico i would like to ask .
can anyone recommend me any hotels in kl that has good food with affordable price ?
its for a school 's organisation .
so i hope it wont be expensive .
i dont have anyone to ask about this field so yeah .
can anyone recommend me the hotel ?
its below the budget of rm5k .
including foods , hall , pa sytem and others .
anyone ?
i need ur help !
help me !
hahaha Why would anyone in KL want to eat hotel food ?
Food in the street is so good and much cheaper .
My suggestion is to sleep rough but eat well outside a hotel .
Work Experience in Germany ?
ok say i have to do an essay in german about world of work .
and in that i have to include something about work exerpience in germany , so does anyone know when the germans have their work exp. is it the same as in UK when we get to have our first work exp. in High School pleeease help if you know anything some website would be useful too .
taaank you people : ) ) try www.workexperienceingermany.com How to set yahoo as my home page ?
Keep it set as my homepage Go to the book mark menu inyou browser and you should be able to select the the page you are on as you home page .
Do you know what New Zealand is ?
seriously .
do you ?
Its a county , my home .
located in the southern hemisphere .
Not to far away from Australia .
Lord of the rings , was made here : ) Yea It 's chillin next to Australia ... ... . .
It 's a country in the southern Hemisphere , southeast of Australia .
On my list of places I want to visit .
Why am I on Yahoo! Answers ?
i really dont know why Manifest destiny .
Because it 's interesting to see what people like to ask as they can never find the true motivation to trust themselves or find their own answers out .
stop asking stupid questions and get off if you do n't know why you 're on .
Las Palmas BULLY ! ! ! ! !
help please ?
i live in `` Las Palmas '' and Some kid is beating the crap out of me can you help me get back at him ?
Thx ~ -- ~ Spit in his FACE ! ! !
- Hope i helped ! ! !
8 = = = = D ~ Is this a crying smiley face or a shovel ?
I 'm so confused ?
I 'm pretty sure it 's a shovel .
I THINK THIS IS A TROLL GUYS .
You 're a guy .
Look down .
That 's what it is .
That is definitely a whatchamacallit with a attached squiggly on it .
My whatchamacallit is this big 8 = = = = = = = = = = = = D ~ Can anyone recommend a restaurant in Berlin for Valentines Day ?
I will be in Berlin for Valentines Day and I am looking for a medium to expensive restaurant to take my girl to .
It 'll be our second Valentines together and for both of us the first time in Berlin .
So I want to make it as special as possible .
Here 's some info of the area were we will be , hope it helps :
METROPOLITAN HOTEL In the immediate proximity are the Berlin Zoo , the memorial church and the famous KaDeWe as well as the Europa center located on Berlin main shopping street Tauentzien .
Also very accessible are the Brandenburg gate and the Potsdamer Platz .
Oh and as a side note , if anyone knows a good place to get a nice German themed Valentines gift , that would be cool too : )
THANK YOU !
I recommend to set that question at yahoo answers germany .
Kann mir jemand ein gutes und einigermaßen preiswertes Restaurant in Berlin / Nähe Kudamm empfehlen ?
( Kudamm is shortname for Kurfürstendamm , a very famous street close to your hotel )
special gifts are to find beside the mainroad shops .
They are for tourists .
Wellcome to Germany .
Enjoy your time
google map of Metropolitan Hotel
http://maps.google.de/maps?hl=de&client=firefox-a&rls=org.mozilla:de:official&um=1&ie=UTF-8&q=metropolitan+hotel+berlin&fb=1&gl=de&hq=metropolitan+hotel&hnear=Berlin&cid=0,0,8072082285437236905&ei=EgBCTdPnDcqRswa-6-24Dg&sa=X&oi=local_result&ct=image&resnum=2&ved=0CDcQnwIwAQ
google map of restaurants in Berlin close to Hotel :
http://maps.google.de/maps?hl=de&client=firefox-a&rls=org.mozilla:de:official&q=gast%C3%A4tten 0erlin & um = 1 & ie = UTF - 8 & sa = N&tab = wl
If you need some more german sentences for any questions in german you may contact me by mail
edit
when you finally decide to join `` Die Quadriga '' ( it is an awarded luxury restaurant and holds one Michelin star ) , you can arrange a table here at `` Kostenfrei Tisch reservieren '' :
http://www.pointoo.de/poi/Berlin/Die-Quadriga-109258.html #
Sample dishes
* Brittany lobster & beluga Szechuan pepper , € 45
Havel pikeperch & goat 's cheese tarragon , € 36
Juniper berry & citrus fruits , € 21 You wo n't be disappointed with Die Quadriga Restaurant located at Brandenburger Hof Hotel , 14 Eislebener Strasse , My wife and I have been there twice and she ca n't wait to go back , Dont know any what american resturants are in Chihuahua , Mexico ?
AMERICA china moon restaurant is have chihuahua my MEXICO in like love nose Best Milan Restaurant ?
I 'm looking for a great restaurant in Milan , Italy for a special birthday .
Cost is not important .
Preferably a place that people do not tend to take children .
Romantic is great , but we also love loud exciting places .
Montecristo is very good .
http://www.ristorantemontecristo.com / or there 's La Rosa dei Venti http://www.ristorantelarosadeiventi.it / or Brasserie Mediterranea http://www.brasseriemediterranea.com / Good restaurants in Venice , Italy ?
Im a student going on a college trip to Venice , need some good restaurants / areas to eat at but a decent price ?
Venice is one of the most expensive places here .
Some of the restaurants I particularly like are :
Da Raffaele http://www.ristorantedaraffaele.com/index-eng.htm where the gondolas go by as you eat if you have one of the tables outside
La Zucca - reasonable prices and great food
Bistrot du Venise http://www.bistrotdevenise.com/eng/index.html features old historical recipes from Venice .
You 'll be able to check the menus of restaurants while you 're out exploring to find things and prices that interest you .
Watch out for things priced per etto - that 's the price for 100 grams .
Fish is often priced this way - particularly branzino .
You 'll be presented with the fish for your approval .
It will be weighed before preparation and cooking .
It 's very good , but can be very expensive if you okay a large fish .
There 's some nice cafe type restaurants near the main square .
It 's been awhile since I 've been there , but nothing I can remember as bad .
There are no good restaurants in Venice , Italy as they all sell foreign muck .
what song is played during the commercial for the allstar game ?
hey see http://solutions.atwebpages.com / for this .
you 'll see the links specificly about this on the left and the right side so you dont have to go and search everywhere Source ( s ) : searched and visited personally .
Frequency of use of Fleet enemas ?
Frequency of use of Fleet enemas ?
Can you use Fleet enemas on a frequent basis without harm after eating schweinehaxe , spaetzle , schnitzel , rouladen , bratwurst , brotchen and drinking 6 bottles of hefe weizen bier , ja ? ? ! ! ! ?
Info . .
sheet warning , for rare use only .
Figure no more than three times per year .
For s meal like that , only one way out .
Use the upland route .
I work for a UK company but moving to Switzerland - Which country do I pay income tax in ?
We are moving to Switzerland in April for my husbands job .
He will obtain Swiss residency B status and we have been led to believe that I and our children will automatically obtain the same status .
I will be retaining my job in the UK but working from home in Switzerland and commuting to London once a month for a few days at a time .
We are having a nightmare trying to find out if I will be subject to UK income tax or , preferably , Swiss income tax .
Please can anyone help ?
you pay income tax on the nationality of the corporation and you named your company 's nationality bi stating it was a UK company .
When you write but in a sentence negative issues should follow .
A little grammar I learned as a kid in American schools .
And yeah I love bi people because they have a nice butt .
From the French couple wishing you and yours a happy Valentine 's Day .
You pay tax based on where you reside , where you earn income or hold assets and even nationality in some cases .
If your employment point is Switzerland , you will pay tax in Switzerland on your income ( and other assets ) , but if you reside across the border in France , you would pay tax in France .
If you have sources of income in the UK whilst you live in Switzerland you would still need to file tax returns in the UK - and may want to because you may be having tax deducted on some income which you may be able to claim back .
If your permanent residence moves to Switzerland - i.e. this is not a temporary arrangement - you can change your residential status in the UK .
I am a Brit living and working in Switzerland and me and my wife are filing tax returns in the UK , USA and Switzerland .
In theory I do n't get taxed twice , but it is complicated .
In Switzerland you should find somebody to help you file your tax returns when you have all the tax - related documentation for the previous year .
It will cost you a few hundred Swiss Francs .
Your employer will probably deduct withholding tax from your salary in Switzerland , in much the same way as tax is deducted from your salary in the UK .
For your taxes in the UK , you need to establish what your residential status is .
Your local tax office should be able to help you and there is a ton of information at the Inland Revenue web site to help you work out what you need to do .
I doubt if you will need any paid assistance to file UK taxes .
what is No strings attached about ?
I heard about it and cant find any helpful info online its the typical love story .
a girl and boy use each other just for sex , at any time of day but they are n't dating .
then the boy starts to have feelings for the girl but the girl just runs from it .
then she realizes that she loves him too and they live happily ever after .
haha funny answer # 1 lol It is a movie about a boy and who have sex with eachother with no strings attached meaning they are not a couple or have any resposibility for one another but after a while they both develope feelings for eachother and end up together .
I heard it is a cute and funny movie What is a baby whale called ?
Calf :
D It is called a Calf .
Calf .
A Super Serious Question ?
My testicles have been shedding as of late and now they are nearly bald .
Also my lest testicle has swollen up to three times the size of normal .
What should I do ?
oops left not lest dude its fine !
snakes do it all the time too See a doctor bro THIS IS A DINING QUESTION ? ? ? ? ?
What is your favorite restaurant ?
Given that this was asked in the Other Switzerland section , Bistro de l'Hotel de Ville in Vervey , but there are a lot of great restaurants around the world .
some of my favorites are De Nachtwacht in Amsterdam , Da Raffaele in Venice , the Buckhorn Exchange in Denver , Rybi Trh in Prague , ...
The Corner Bakery - In Los Angeles .
I love there breakfast and most of there meals are very low in calories .
the hungry farmer .
or the hush puppy .
can i tellyou something before i go to bed ?
I love you ! ! ! ! !
/ coffee / Aw , thanks .
That 's the nicest thing I 've heard all day .
And I really needed to hear it after the crappy day I had !
Thanks hon. Love you 2 .
Sweet dreams .
I love coffee too for what it 's worth .
Yes love u too Download Dragon Ball Kai Ultimate Butouden ds rom ?
I am in German , my son would like to know how to Download Dragon Ball Kai Ultimate Butouden ds rom. If anyone can help me , or give me link it will be very helpful .
He says I want Patched one for r4 .
http://anime720.com/blog/2011/02/04/download-dragon-ball-kai-ultimate-butouden / Go there it has couple of mirrors as megaupload and hotfile , Enjoy downloading , I found it for you .
Update your question if you need help !
; ) What is the plural for a computer mouse ?
Should it be `` mice '' or `` mouses '' ?
mice , or , uh miceses .
what does vfr stand for ?
visual flight rules Hey there .
What colour is your eyes ?
My eyes ' is ' brown and why the hell is this in the Dining Out category ?
Green Blue What is love ?
What is love ?
You are all wrong !
Briar is right .
Jonathan is a troll .
Love is sweet .
love is kind .
love is unconditional .
love is blind .
love is powerful .
love is crazy , fun , and sometimes a little scary .
when you fall in love with someone you will enjoy their company and their presence .
You will miss them like crazy when their gone for long periods of time .
When you fall in love you will a feel million sensations flooding through your body , passion , desperation , a need , longing , reassurance , an ache , etc. When you are truly in love with someone , it is the most powerful and inexplicable feeling you will ever possess .
It wont matter if he or she shaves her legs or he shaves his chest .
It just wont matter .
You will love them to much to care ! ! ! !
Trust me ! ! !
When you love someone it is so pleasurable it will almost hurt because your emotional and physical bond to this person is so strong .
Hahah Chromosome person i agree with you , I am nottt wrong ...
Just wait till u fall in love johnathan dude
You will know if a person loves you if he / she can tell you how he / she feels without regret , without care , and without embarrassment .
They should be able to know the little things about you and hold you when your down .
Love cant be explained , it is more of a feeling .
You will know when your love and trust me there is no way you can confuse love with lust when you have experienced both .
It 's fear of the unknown .
The unknown is what it is .
And to be frightened of it is what sends everybody scurrying around chasing dreams , illusions , wars , peace , love , hate , all that ... it 's all illusion .
Unknown is what it is .
Accept that it 's unknown and it 's plain sailing .
Everything is unknown ... then you 're ahead of the game .
That 's what it is .
Does my US company pay Mexico taxes when working for Mexican clients ?
I have an S Corp consulting company in the USA .
My primary client is in Mexico .
Does my company have to pay taxes on the Mexican income ?
I do travel to Mexico , but I stay in the corporate apartment and do not pay any bills ( utilities , internet , etc ) in Mexico .
I have a full time home in the USA .
Thank you !
No , unless you have your company in Mexico ...
What percentage of a weekly cash in hand payroll should i hold back for state and federal income taxes ?
That depends on how much you think you will make by the end of the year but 20 % to 30 % will safely cover up to $ 100,000 a year or so .
What is the worlds tallest grass ?
Bamboo bamboo Where 's my Lily ? ?
* sniff sniff sniff * ?
I 'm going to be alone tomorrow ...
I want Lily * cries * Damn you James Potter ...
I am sorry , but she was dead like ... 11 years ago .
Yeah , James is dead too .
Damnn , boy you is in some serious trouble .
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . .
good luck with that ?
Lily 's dead because of Lord Voldemort .
What is your favorite fast food restaurant ?
Why is Mexico city the category ?
BK MACDONALDS !
SUBWAY !
Restaurants in Mexicali , MX ?
What is your favorite restaurant in Mexicali , MX ?
Mexican , Chinese , French , anything .
Hopefully near Justa Sierra since I know where that is .
Any Chinese restaurants that deliver ?
TIA ! !
Mexicali borders with Calexico , CA. About 1.5 hours from San Diego .
Like near san diego / the border ? ? ?
I 'd try Santanas mexican food ...
Soooooooooooooooo delicious ! !
But I ca n't eat it too often bc i 'd get fat lol : ) Should i feel worried about my girlfriend dancing at a 15 ?
My girlfriend attends 15s often , almost every weekend .
Well someone told me that your girl should n't be dancing with another guy if your dating .
We 've been dating for 2 months , she 's mexican , I 'm white ( I do n't know much about the hispanic / latin culture ) I mean is it normal dancing ?
Or like grinding sex on stage dancing ?
Should I be worried ?
Please help .
And I do n't go to these parties so idk what it looks like .
Mexican hispanic latino dancing culture I would be a bit disappointed in your girlfriend if she is dancing at age 15 .
However you 're not married and have only been dating for 2 months .
Simply ask her what her intentions are for the dancing with other men if she is exclusive to you .
Communication is the key for any relationship to work .
PS. ... .
I do not know why this query is in the fast food category .
well a 15 or quinceanera is like a sweet 16 but a lot more formal .
No do n't be to concerned many adults go also .
The tradition of a quinceanera is a lot of dancing its part of the party .
Grinding is not really part of it since it is a formal event and the birthday girls parents are probably there .
so do n't be worried you should attend one with her .
im mexican . .
lol and mexican dancing isnt a big deal guys usually ask girls to dance usually switching partners no big deal . .
its not grinding or anything like that ! !
All the page formating has disappeared from Yahoo.com and Yahoo mail web pages .
What now ?
This has happend on both my desktop and my laptop .
Both run Windows 7 ( 64bits ) .
And it happens with Firefox and IE explorer .
And yes , I have restaretd my computers and checked for viruses .
I am in Spain but use Yahoo.com ( US ) servers .
And this relates to dining in Spain ... .
How ?
hmm website is probably doing maintenance if Siamese twins live in Siam are they still Siamese ?
oooo that 's a great song / video ... so evil ah Phuket dudes .
Let 's go bowling .
I thought those were cats ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdDla0QW844 i might be wrong , but i think the term comes from a pair of conjoined twins from siam , chang and eng , the most famous siamese twins this side of the hilton sisters .
edit : after reading the article on chang and eng on wiki , they were aparently known as `` the chinese twins '' in siam , because they were of chinese heritage .
so , oddly enough , i guess they arent siamese twins when they are in siam .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chang_and_Eng_Bunker which are the best internet jobs ?
There are some jobs and home based business opportunities to be found , but if you do n't know what you are doingy. , , , it can be a bit like finding a needle in a haystack .
Online chat rooms seem to be popular .
There are many ways to earn money online .
Search on yahoo for some monetizing forums .
WHat do i do to overcome traumatic experience ?
So i was at the mall the other day with my homosexual son .
Some punks came up to him and called him rude names , they then proceeded to smack him with their leopard - spotted umbrellas .
I got so scared that i pee - peed in my pants .
The punks then broke my homosexuals sons knee and called him a `` pussy '' , whatever that is .
how can i get a good discount at bed bath and beyond ?
I am confused if you want a coupon go to bed bath and beyond .
com and print one or buy a large item they give u 50 percent off , as for you son ummm sorry !
/ I remember when basketball was a family sport .
I 'm not sure what your question is ... overcoming trauma , or discounts on b&b ?
First things first . .
if you were traumatized but that event , how do you think your son feels ?
He is the one who will be facing these challenges all his life .
Maybe you were embarrassed , but by your own account you did n't protect your son .
I 'm not sure I even believe your story after hearing your question at the end .
And you , the father / Protector pees in his pants ?
If what you said is true , then they should have been hitting YOU with the umbrellas .
But you say you watched these punks break your SON 'S leg and apparently did nothing .
You were in a mall , not a dark , deserted street .
Are you using this forum to create animosity ?
If so , this is not the place for it .
You said TWICE that your son was homosexual ... do you have a problem with THAT or with B&B 's ?
When does daylight saving time start ?
So ready for the later sunsets .
a few weeks 13 March Who founded the Greek theatre ?
Thespis does any one know of a cheap place to stay in lyon ?
does any one know of a cheap hostel / hotel to stay in Lyon France for one night , i would like to find one right in middle of the city good restaurant in cabo san lucas , mx ?
The Cabo area is a foodie 's paradise .
For authentic Mexican food , I suggest La Fonda ; it is not in the main area , but a taxi will find it for you .
Edith 's is a great place close to Medano beach ... service and food are both excellent ( try one of the Wally plates ) .
If you want some cheap fish or shrimp tacos Las Gardenias is your place ( cash only , next to McDonald 's ) .
Doc 's wine bar is good italian with a great wine selection .
Fellini 's is great for gourmet Italian ( located at the Pueblo Bonito Rose ) .
Location not great , but the sushi at Koi Sushi ( in the Wal - Mart center ) is the best in Cabo .
Hacienda Cocina right on Medano Beach ( at the Hacienda Beach ) is fantastic .
Lastly , I really love the atmosphere and the shrimp ceviche at Flavor .
If you can venture to San Jose del Cabo , do n't miss El Chilar and Rossy 's tacos .
There is also a better location for Koi Sushi in San Jose ( same owners and the best chef works at the one in San Jose - his name is Israel ) .
Have a great time ...
My husband acts like i owe him something ?
How do i get him to stop being such an ass to me ?
Ive tried talking & being nice . .
Doesnt work .
What should i do ?
Hahahahahh r u serious dude i do everything work clean up laundry drive i pay bills hes a stay at home dad and doesnt want it anyother way .
Im overworked & stressed out but i still maintain my cool and do it for my 6 month old .
P.s were not in the 60 ' s !
Why is this in this category ?
Do you live here ?
4 little letters .
S - E - X could be his time of the month .
If it is a permanent situation , might be something he feels guilty about , or he might not be gaining what he wants from your relationship .
Lastly , he could just want to be in control , something emasculated him and he needs to regain control .
What can I do if my husband LEAVES ! ?
* Cries * Oh , Aunt Bella .
Are things okay now ?
I 'm still sketchy with the details .
throw a paty to celebrate get a dog I 've reached my answering limit ... ?
On level 4 !
How did this happen ! ?
I need to get a life ... :
P
BUT , Voldy 's here http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/activity?show=4MOBrx5zaa So I am happier .
Unless he decides to divorce me or something .
So , what should I do now ?
It 's only half past 8 .
* Reference to Songkhla * Draco :
Yes I am .
Do n't worry , there 's no more weirdness than there already was .
hehehe , Bella .
This is why you need to get to level 5 , and stop asking questions !
Choose some best answers and move up a level : )
Oh and , make a back up account .
They are surprisingly useful if you 've reached your limit .
And I never left ... .
you HAVE TO JUST WAIT UNTIL 2MZ .
just do something else maybe troll the christians ?
quite entertaining if you get enough angry answers You saved my 5 Points , I was about to Ask , that you 're Happy now !
Hey Draco , are you confused ?
Well guess what .
SO am I. I 'm pretty sure Bellatrix or someone will catch you up soon enough .
WEEEEEEEE !
I HAVE POSSESSED IT AGAIN ! ! ! ! ! !
YES I AM .
That seems to happen a lot lately .
I get off for a few hours to sleep because my schedule was waaay off and I miss this fiasco with `` The Lollipop Man '' ?
But I think I 've pieced most of it together .
Well look .
SOMETHING happened to your account , hell only knows what , and this really weird lollipop man showed up , and I was upset because I thought my husband was leaving , and now you 're back , and you do n't seem to have an inkling about any of this , and now EVERYONE 'S confused and NO ONE knows what 's going on .
And you seem to hate me now .
Which is shit , I must say .
I think you got the wrong guy .
I 'm Harry , just Harry .
: )
P.S .
Voldemort smells ... . .
; p Voldy and Bellatrix have had a little altercation .
I knew they could n't last for long .
What 's your opinion ?
I knew it .
HAHAHAHHAHA .
Guess Bellatrix would 've been better off with me .
TOO BAD I LOVE HER SISTER !
Look , just can it , Lestrange .
You are such a goddamn little poofter .
STOP IT !
* Starts crying * You 're horrible Roddy .
Why do you say such mean things ?
i have possessed this account once again
what ?
That 's just mean .
: ( WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING TODAY ! ? My husband keeps turning into a scary lollipop man , and hating me , and my ex husband is being horrible and I hate this : ' ( Can somebody please cheer me up ? I Like Lollipop : You will appear in my nightmares . You are actually scaring me . HOW CAN I BE MARRIED TO SOMEONE WHO KEEPS TURNING INTO A LOLLIPOP ! ? : ' ( Rita : Why thank you . Draco : Go ahead dearie . Voldy : Of course not .
`` HOW CAN I BE MARRIED TO SOMEONE WHO KEEPS TURNING INTO A LOLLIPOP ! ? ''
The quote of the year !
Lol .
I am seriously ... confuzzled
Are you breaking up with me ?
@ Twin - Do n't say that .
How the hell am I going to like this ?
LOL exes are always like this !
and ugh when my partner being grouch i just laugh at him then he eventually sees the funny side HAHHAHAHAHA !
It is me , Rodolphus Lestrange , who has been turning the Dark Lord into a Lollipop Lover ! ?
Whadduya say to that !
I feel freaked out , how do you know my password ! ? ! ?
You 've lost me .
Do you two no each other ?
How did you hack his account ?
Still scared .
* Hides * EVIL RODOLPHUS ! ! !
Bella is angry which makes Hermione Granger Angry !
So , is this somewhat right with the whole Duh - Dark Lord thing ?
So , from what I 've learned , Uncle Voldy 's account got `` hacked '' by someone called `` The Lollipop Man '' who was talking about quitting Y !
A and hating Bella .
And The Voldy got his account back , and it was recently , maybe currently , hacked AGAIN by this Lollipop guy .
Correct me if I 'm wrong ?
Honestly , I leave to catch up on some sleep and all this sh * t happens ...
Maybe I should move to Songkhla ?
:
D You know , I 'm kinda starting to wonder if everyone got together and said , `` Hey !
Let 's mess with Draco while he sleeps ! ''
Well , I do n't ACTUALLY believe that .
That 's a little vain of me , but still .
I am deeply confused .
@ Aunt Bella :
Yes , yes , of course .
So , as of right now , where does Voldy stand ?
Is he ' being hacked `` or what ?
I would much rather we WERE messing with you , if I 'm honest .
But yeah , that 's about it .
I 'm about as confused as you , so I ca n't help .
DO N'T LEAVE ME DRACO , YOU 'RE THE ONLY SANITY I HAVE LEFT !
: ' ( Can I have just a teensy bit of Firewhiskey now ? I 'm flustered .
* Gulps Firewhiskey * I 'm not sure .
This is all very weird .
I feel like I 'm some LSD induced dream .
Draco ... when you and Hermione go to Pigfarts ... can you write ?
I need you two to help keep me , well , somewhat sane .
Ikr ! !
Oh draco i am so confused !
Lolli is a weirdo , is n't he ?
AND no your perfectly right .
I left for Quidditch ( well watching harry 's team with Ron ) and i hear this ! !
How odd ?
...
Yep . .
that sums it up . .
Actually Draco , songkhla seems like a nice and peaceful place so I would n't think twice about `` movin ' '' there !
xD Wheres James gone now days ?
After i was with Snape , he left . .
and now Severus broke up with me ( - -- - ) so WHERE IS JAMES ?
anyone seen him ?
I saw him in the broom cupboard with a mysterious woman . .
:
O I heard he was hanging with good old Dumbledore in Godrics Hollow , chck there .
He 's in Hog 's Head pub having a drink with voldemort .
It 's Alan Rickmans birthday today ... ?
Should I celebrate in Songkhla ?
And start watching all his films ?
I feel yucky , and have nothing better to do .
Hah .
I have watched a couple of his films today .
: ) Ah , he 's getting old ! ! !
BUT still forever amazing !
:
D oooo I did n't know !
Happy birthday Severus Snape : ) That 's one hell of an idea haha !
I think you should go ahead with it .
May Be !
Do you know who that little lollipop man was ?
I do Yeah . .
You .
You .
You .
We pretty much all know it was you , dear .
You .
It 's less of a surprise now you 've told us all .
You .
Bella is right .
You already told us ...
Is this like a certain , tucked away category that a secret group posts on ?
Tell me your plans to take over the world ?
You wan na know ?
A ) Trick all you people into thinking I am the world 's best ninja
b ) First , eat all the cheese and meat and dairy products and fish objects .
Then , when all vegans and lactose intolerant people are left , I shall use them to make robots . .
Finally I shall program them to obey my commands
c ) Rap until your ears bleed .
D ) Drink all cola in world .
Become super mega fat and roll all over people .
E ) become the president of usa .
go to war with switzerland .
every other country will be afraid of me .
own all countries in the world !
f ) take over the interweb .
on all websites put voldemort is your commander !
because everybody believes the internet , they will believe meeeeeeee !
g ) become a llama trainer .
make all llamas spit on whoever i say .
ppl will beg for me to stop , so i say obey me first !
h ) take over mars ( easy enough , no one lives on mars ) .
Tell everyone .
they will be super interested and make me there leader !
i ) become a talk show host
j ) freeze the world with all the icecubes in my freezer .
make my own hot chocolate .
every cup willl be 1,000,000 !
k ) take all the platypuses and make them do the chacha and humans will do the same ( basic law - monkey see , monkey do ) meanwhile i sit at home , drinking pomegranate juice !
how utterly evil - tastic !
l ) give free hammers to everyone that are programmed to eat peoples dogs and tortoises and everyone will go crazy and DIE .
N ) Take over the bus systems in England .
When I do , people will say protect your bus systems , but noone will here , because I will run over anyone who says that .
And , when someone says next stop please , I will be like 1,000,000 !
Lol . .
wtf . .
I never knew there were so many different ways to dine out in Thai yes .
What causes women to seek abusive relationships ?
I have 4 brothers , and 3 appear to have healthy , functional marriages , children , etc. However , 3 of us 4 sisters suffer TERRIBLY from very abusive relationships .
Why ?
There MUST be some common denominator !
PLEASE RESPOND !
We all have same parents .
Low self esteem .
The question is kinda insensitive .
No one wants to be in a relationship , and defintely no one actively seeks an abusive relationship .
It 's just the fact , that once you 're in one , it 's very hard to come back out again .
Do you mean , `` What causes women to stay in abusive relationships '' ?
Well there is not on simple answer .
Sometimes it 's because of ' `` love '' , they are afraid retaliation , or they have Battered Woman 's Syndrome .
You can find more about Battered Woman 's Syndrome at : http://www.divorcenet.com/states/oregon/or_art02 .
Gluten Free Fish and Chips in Canberra ?
Would anyone know of any fish and chip shops in Canberra that offer gluten free crumbed / battered fish ?
I have yet to find somewhere .
C'mon Canberra ! ! !
i highly doubt u can find a place that makes gluten free fish and chips , because its too much of a hassle , better off making it yourself , which will taste better , and be much healthier I do n't have any suggestions myself but there are a couple of good Australian based gluten free blogs who might know of someone in the area so maybe check them out .
http://www.glutenfreezones.com / and http://wheatenfree.blogspot.com /
If you do find anywhere then I would love to hear as our site finds gluten free places to eat the world over to help people like us and the more places we can add the better .
TravelGlutenFree http://www.travelglutenfree.co.uk What is your favourite type of Lassi ?
I live in Canada so i use assorted strawberry and peach flavours and mix it with some orange juice : ) Mango Lassi is amazing ! ! ! !
It sounds like a Disney movie title , ; )
Yowee hope I dint offend anybody but saw those names to the right side and some are pretty funny soundin .
why not Yes it should be Salary & Tax in Geneva ?
Hi , I got an offer in Geneve , Swiss for 10,000 CHF per month .
I am from non eu country & i am married however will be living single in geneva for a year.Can someone tell me what is the tax , Health insurance & Scoial security i need to pay each month for the above salary.Basically i would like to know the salary i shall receive in hand after the above deductions
Thank you
Thank you Good news and bad news .
Good news is that in terms of social deductions , Switzerland has one of the lowest percentages in Europe , yet you still get most of the big bennies .
Prepare for about 12.5 0eduction for these which includes Social Security ( known as AVS here ) , Maternity Insurance and a number of other things .
Bad news is Geneva has the highest taxes in Switzerland .
Prepare to pay about 16 0n taxes for that kind of monthly salary , though there are a number of factors you will need to consider such as age , if you 're married or not , etc.
One of the big shocks for some people ( esp if you are from Europe ) is that the Swiss do not have universal health insurance .
In Geneva you will need to buy private health insurance which starts at around 200 .
- CHF per month and from there the sky is the limit .
You can check a lot of info about this and more at Comparis.ch in any of the major languages of Switzerland or in English .
Also prepare for hefty rents .
An apartment , if you 're lucky enough to find one , can easily be in the 2000 range for something as small as a one bedroom .
Be careful when looking in Geneva because the kitchen counts as a room .
So if you see ' 2 pieces ' ( 2 rooms ) it could mean just a room and a kitchen !
I would strongly encourage you to get a train pass in stead of a car again because insurance and gas are so pricey .
For 300 CHF a month you can have AG good for any transport in all of Switzerland .
Local TPG ( good for all of Geneva ) is 80.CHF a month
One final idea you could explore is to live in neighboring France or on the Swiss side in Vaud .
It is becoming more and more popular to live in one of these places ( check out Nyon for example ) because taxes are lower as is insurance and rent but you are still relatively close to the city .
Hope that helps !
Ummm , why I 'm not seeing any question on this board ?
Because no one uses it .
Just think about it .
Why would anyone care about dining out from here ?
No one is using this section .
Tons of users are using the Banjarmasin section though .
You will soon , after the colonizing starts to pick up .
Is Bandung an official colony of Banjarmasin now ?
As Duke , I say we claim this colony in the good name of our home town of Banjarmasin .
Lol , Tiger , since it was your idea originally of this section , I will give lots of credit !
:
D
Lol , pook go ahead i guess : ) You took my idea .
Yes you have conquered it .
Now take over Bali .
Fine take over Ambon .
No ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Bali is mine ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
sure why not ?
Although I was thinking about colonizing Samarinda since that place is dull as hell Why is Pekanbaru so dead ?
thisisterrible !
Yes , yes it is .
Lets liven it up !
i know , we need to make it more alive lol this place is Scooter 's .
he is king here .
Pekanbaru is great !
whats a good place to dine therE ?
hmmm idk !
KFC !
Isnt pekanbaru soopa cool ?
Yesss !
: ) You bet Scooter owns it Contacts :
What 's your favorite color ?
You 'll find out soon why I 'm asking .
* throws confetti at you * I like Red , Blue and Purple .
Edit :
Chop chop as I 'm nearly going .
Blue . .
and ... .
hazel White and Blue !
Is anybody awake in the land of Samarinda ?
duh .
we 're everywhere in Indonesia :
D IM AWAKE !
:
D No its 3:37a.m .
in Samarinda .
heat and knicjks qame score prediction ?
knicks Why is Matt Vick to Sean Jackson da best reciever to QB combo in da universe ?
I hate the Eagles , actually . .
Go colts Personally I think the best is Aaron Rodgers to Greg Jennings .
paul manning and reginald wayne suck Michael Vick to DeSean Jackson .
Runescape is a great or awesome game ?
hmmm but the penguin lives on yes i like it Is there any Tamil Brahmin Cook at Lucknow / Jhansi / Kanpur / Nagpur , who could provide food for 10 people ?
We will be travelling in Gorakhpur - Trivandrum Express on 31 - 03 - 2011 .
We require some one , especially Tamil Brahmins to supply food packets to us in train Check out the local classifieds you may find one .
What country and city choose one : aids or jail ?
which would you prefer ?
jail time = 10 years Jail jail because i wont be in there forever .
and I 'm not going to die .
If i have aids then i have it forever theres no getting out .
jail How does Chicken Tikki Massala taste ?
wonderful and flavourful , try it if you like borderline spicy flavourful and ethnic food Uhh ... chicken .
like semi-spicy tomato sauce with some cream or butter mixed in .
What is the population of Yogyakarta ?
396,000 people Count all the users What is Yogyakarta 's Pro basketball team ?
They are so go they play in a league called VNBA ( varsity national basketball association ) basketball is actually not very popular in Indonesia is the book `` how to get more popularity online for dummies '' out yet ?
Barnes or Borders ?
I do n't know , but let me know when you find out .
I could name quite a few guys in the sports section of Y / A who could use it , seeing as how they just say infuriating things to get attention .
Well Borders is going bankrupt so I would say Barnes .
Should Pork chops be the official food of the Kingdom of pekanbaru ?
Not possible since the Squirrel is the King here lol .
yes !
Pork Chops and apple sauce can be the official meal along with a side of spinach too if you please !
Absolutely !
Maybe it should be squirrel .
Yogyakarta :
Do you agree that the Mavs will take the number one seed from the Spurs ?
The Mavs are the better team slightly , but I think the Spurs are just more consistent .
Who knows though , with Tony Parker out 2 - 4 weeks , maybe the Mavs can make a strong push to the finish line .
`` - Only in Their Wildest dreams ... '' ; ) no
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgzlGd70k5jz.STJD4HDHzPsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20110302134526AAxNAep Why would you do that ?
There could have been many reasons :
Because you wanted to .
Because you felt you needed to .
Because you thought it was the right thing to do .
Because you wanted to see the outcome .
Because you were forced to .
Because you did n't think things through properly .
Because you felt it was the only option .
... why wouldnt i ?
is there any other reason ?
xx Where can the most delicious nasi lemak be found ?
Nasi lemak is arguably the most `` Malaysian '' food in our lucky nation 's rich smorgasbord of culinary delights .
Made by all and loved by all , nasi lemak can be found in every corner of the country , from5 - star hotels and fancy restaurants to humble warongs and roadside stalls .
Nasi lemak eaten as often for dinner as it is for breakfast , is truly a food for all seasons and all Malaysians .
Everybody has their favourite nasi lemak joints .
The ones that they go to when they need their comfort food or when they crave their sambal fix .
Which is your favourite place ?
Where do you find the tastiest , most delectable combination of coconut milk rice , roasted groundnuts , ikan bilis , cucumber , egg and sambal can be found ?
Share your picks with other Yahoo! Netizens and try out the ones they recommend .
: ) i think i can cook good and delicious lemak to all of u.my malay friend teach me.really good OwO OMG Do n't say to me about nasi lemak - they 're my absolute favourite all - time dish in life ~ !
I love nasi lemak so much to the point that I ALWAYS go for nasi lemak for breakfast , and between choosing nasi lemak any other breakfast meals such as cereals , crepes , pancakes , etc. , nasi lemak comes first choice with no dispute , hands down ~ !
Because of that , no matter where I go so far ( Sarawak , Kelantan , Johor , Melaka , Penang - all these places due to my clinical practicum as a physiotherapist student while Sarawak is where my home 's at presently ) , the first thing I check apart from housing comforts and stuff is the availability of someone selling nasi lemak nearby where I live XD .
Up till that point of nasi lemak lurve , ladies and gentlemen ~ !
What I love most about nasi lemak is not just the fragrant - y yummy rice , but it 's always all about the sambal .
To me , if the nasi lemak AND the sambal is good , then the nasi lemak is a total win all around .
If the nasi lemak is alright BUT the sambal sucks , then the whole meal is spoiled for me .
Apart from that , nasi lemak actually goes with just any other portions for lauks , not just fried eggs , and so more often than not I eat nasi lemak with other side dishes like rendang ayam
For the time being , I suppose I could only share with you these places so far , where you can find the tastiest , most scrumptious nasi lemak ever made !
- Nasi Lemak Antarabangsa in Kampung Baru is a must , no doubt - There 's an auntie in Desa Pandan , Kg. Pandan , Kuala Lumpur ( near the E- 1 5 and E- 1 6 flats ) who sells the most delicious nasi lemak with possibly the BEST sambal ever made ; she goes by the name of Mak Cik Noni ( lolz promotion much ~ ! )
- In Wangsa Maju Section 2 housing area close to the LRT Station , there is a restaurant which only opens at NIGHT that sells , `` Nasi Lemak 3 Rasa '' - oh man , you should try it , their nasi lemak is sure to tantalize your tastebuds ~ !
- ( I think that pretty much MOST places in KL do harbour the best nasi lemak cooks and makers around ! )
- Restoran Mak Jah in Bukit Jelutong 's business area is also good , and in spite of its pricey - ness , you 'd definitely feel that the nasi lemak is worth your money because it tastes just as authentic as those sold in hawker stalls ( which always seem to harbour the best nasi lemak ever made , by the way ) - DO N'T bother looking for nasi lemak in Sarawak ( ESPECIALLY in Miri ) unless you want to be disappointed or you are very sure that the maker / cook is of Peninsular ( Semenanjung ) origin - the locals ' nasi lemak is bland , wrapped in poor plastic , and their sambal is ... urgh , no , just no.
So that 's just it for the moment .
We could go on and on with all the small , small places I 've visited that sells the best nasi lemak and the ones you should definitely try , but let 's limit it till here first ;
D. I hope you and the others reading this post give the nasi lemak in the places I 've mentioned a try - you wo n't regret it !
( Except , as explained , in Sarawak , okay ? )
the best nasi lemak i ever ate which is at Seri Manjung , Perak .
It called as Nasi Lemak Seri Sarawak .
Came with variety of sambal 's .
It is the best nasi lemak in the world .
Any word bout your injured spouse refund ?
Waiting waiting waiting efiled 1/22 still no update or word anybody else heard / received anything ? ?
Still waiting on mine too .
1/21 is our date .
Thanks !
Low priced and Venice do n't really go together .
However , you can find a lot of places that sell panini , wraps or pizza by the slice for 3.50 to 6 euro .
A pizza is 8 to 13 euro in many places .
I did that yesterday at Carnevale .
A pizza and a drink plus the coperto and an espresso was under 20 euro .
Saturday , I had lunch at Bistrot de Venise - a prosecco , mezze maniche with shrimp and mushrooms , prosciutto with pears and honey , a sacher torte and espresso for about 50 euro .
You can check prices on the menus posted outside the restaurant while you 're out exploring to find places that meet your tastes and budget .
There 's a restaurant in Piazza San Stefano that has bruschetta for about 8 euro .
What 's the best local dish in WATERFORD ?
Apparently some Harry Potter people do ...
Like you actually want to know what the best dish is ... .
Edit :
I actually looked for like 5 minutes trying to find a website saying what the best local dish was in waterford , just to have a smart answer , but there wasnt any > .
< GODAMNIT BOB SAGET NOBODY KNOWS ANYTHING ABOUT WATERFORD What a coincidence Einstein Can I get food poisoning from food in WATERFORD ?
Not only could you , it seems likely that you would .
No , only ...
What does Charlie Sheen eat when he visits WATERFORD ?
Babies and cocaine Your mom .
How much tax does switzerland put on goods ?
im in switzerland for 6 months and i need a new electric razor .
i dont have alot of money and it costs about 150 franks .
how much tax do they add on goods like that , because i don twant to spend to much money can someone help me in peeing blood ?
its just so red p.s im drunk and im a boy I 'm kinda wondering why you posted this in DINING OUT > SPAIN > CUENCA .
What 's the connection there ?
Being drunk can make you pee a lot .
Drinking red things can make you pee red .
It 's probably not blood .
your having your period You might need to drink more water instead of alcohol .
So that your system gets cleaned and you can produce real urine instead of blood .
I am not an expert but I imagine the water is what makes us want to go pee .
Looks like I 'm being hated on again . . ?
Ever since Full House life has n't been the same : (
P.S .
WATERFORD I 'M NOT HATING ON YOU , SAGET .
I FIND YOU RATHER ENJOYABLE .
Grow up smdh Hey Bob , its Uncle Jesse .
Lets go beat up some white people !
If I was really a troll , would I keep asking annoying questions ?
And how bout that WATERFORD cuisine ?
Yeah , that 's what trolls do .
Like in Dora the Explorer , the Troll always wants her to solve his riddles .
And Dublin has well better cuisine than Waterford .
Feckin ' culchies .
= P Yes , see , the DEFINITION of a troll , is that one keeps asking annoying questions .
what problems do you have with the Percy Jackson roleplayers ?
It seems that a few of you have issues with the Percy Jackson people on here .
Why is this for ?
1 .
We do n't , they were our rivals , it was a joke 2 .
I think one of them hates me .
3 .
Ginger hair is awesome so do n't diss : @ How much VAT ( or IVA ) do I need to charge on an invoice in Spain for a translation ?
Teachers are usually exempt from VAT in Spain ( well they were last time I checked ) and now I 've been asked to do some translations ( Spanish to English ) and I do n't know how much VAT ( or IVA ) to charge .
From what I understand the rate of IVA that you would need to charge as a service would be 7 % ( see guide attached - http://www.tumbit.com/how-to-guides/articles/93-spanish-iva-explained.html ) and the IRPF that you should retain as an Autonomo us 15 %
I would stress that this may have changed since I last looked , and this is advice that an Asesor should be able to help you with .
Delicious - = = -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - ?
Fact :
Every time you troll , al queda shoots a kitten in the head Fact : 9/10 kittens has 30 million dollars in their necks Fact : al queda uses the kitten money to fund their plans to blow up the planet how do the children attempt to keep warm at 93 Little Hobart Street ?
OMG - read the book like you are supposed to and answer you own homework questions ! ! !
If you forgot the name it 's `` The Glass Castle '' by Jeannette Walls .
Indian Food Catering for a Group ?
( in Bali - Indonesia ) ?
Hi , i am planning to go to bali this May , i will be there along with my group ( approx 15pax ) and i would like to ask , is theres any restaurant or catering services that providing an Indian Food ?
( not to expensive but offering a good quality one : D ) Any help ?
Thanks a lot good idea No. There are n't any catering services in Bali .
Hi , you can try queens tandoor at seminyak .
i used their catering to my villa 2 month ago .
they offering an outside catering if u like , just contact their email at bali@queenstandoor.com .
Cheers mate !
Do I need a VAT number ?
My business is located in Hawaii , USA .
Do I need a VAT number to buy wholesale products from Italy ?
Hi , Yes , you must arrange VAT number for your import business as last year i was also searching for the answer same question .
I discussed this issue with my lawyer and he told ma that i would have to discuss this issue with a consultant situated in Hawaii , USA .
Best Regards , Peter Is the North Pole real ?
I ca n't find it on my globe . ?
Yes , the North Pole is real .
Ask your geography teacher .
Ask any science teacher .
Globes are set on an axis pole .
The top of the pole comes out of the area of the North Pole , and the bottom of the pole comes out in the area of the South Pole .
cw Yes , but many globes do n't include a great deal of the Arctic .
The Arctic is floating sea ice , not land .
hahahhahahhahaaaaa ! ! !
i recently asked my teacher this and she said i was stupid and had no common sense : ) im in middle school .
about the Mandarin restaurant in Niagara Falls Ontario ... ?
how much is a dinner reservation there ... my fiancee said he had to put money down on it . .
i wan na know if it 's true ... i ca n't call them cause he 'll here me ... he says over a week in advance they charge . .
You do n't pay for a reservation o_o you 're just reserving a table ... .
you do n't have to pay for a reservation .
why are morphsuits so expensive ?
Considering there is like no detail at all on them dude it lets you morph into a dolphin or a bear , what do you expect ?
The Marie Celeste sailed from which port ?
How was William Huskinson killed in 1830 - first ever ?
Where is the best Khao Mun Gai in Bangkok ?
Chicken Rice Gai Tawn Pratunam ( find it on goggle ) by far the best .
i dont know in bangkok .
but , theres one chicken rice i eat since kid near my house .
the shop name kedai nasi ayam batu 6 .
its the best !
Located at the Kampung Batu 6 , Kuala Terengganu , Malaysia ( just like 1hour flight from bangkok or 20 hours driving ) Across from the train station at Hualampong .
What are some good nightclubs in edmonton ?
I 'm assuming Edmonton , Alberta . .
Union Hall ( Rock - top 40 ) BIlly Bob 's ( country - top 40 ) Lucky 13 ( house - top 40 ) Oil City ( country - top 40 ) Bank Ultra Lounge ( House - top 40 ) I like Vinyl & The Bank any 24/7 restaurant in KL near LRT station like McDonalds ?
any 24 hours service restaurant in Kuala Lumpur to sit all night do assignment and study basically ... . .
near any LRT station is more preferable since i plan on studying from after 12am to 6am ... not preferable very quite or anything ... as long as the place is open all night and provides food ... : ) McDonalds is open 24/7 everywhere .
So you can do your studying .
IMMAGRATION !
AAAHH !
WE ARE ALL GON NA DIE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
We will also get AIDS .
No , but seriously .
keep yer legs closed , and you might avoid HIV .
You know you can get it just as easily from someone who 's living in your community , same colour , and same creed as you ? ?
Your dumb .
Fresh milk at mamak restaurant ?
The fresh milk sold at mamak restaurant or stall , is it heated before being sold or is it totally fresh and not heated ? ?
If it is heated , is it heat until it boils ?
They 'd asked how would you like it . .
cold , hot or lukewarm .
To keep it fresh it must be stored cool .
And may I add the milk is call ' tairoo ' Where can I buy Logitech Wireless Gamepad F710 in Ahmedabad ?
From which shop can i buy Logitech Wireless Gamepad F710 in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India ?
You can visit Patel media . .
here you can have many choices for gamepads and it sells huge range of iball , logitech products so you can find it here . . ! !
the rates here are also good . . ! !
i bought my gamepad from here . . ! !
its address is ,
NEETI MARG , AHMEDABAD , INDIA 12 , SHREE RATNA COMPLAX , S.A.L .
HOSPITAL , Ahmedabad , Gujarat 380054 079 2749 9643 , 079 27431030
and you can also try Croma store at himalaya mall or croma near fun republic ! !
I 'm bored What should i do ?
super bored on computer : ( need something to do porn GO to Bored.com go on games or try watching something on bbc iplayer . : ) I 'm looking for a semi-cozy restaurant / cafe in Jakarta , any recommendation ?
I 'm going to celebrate my 17th birthday with my closest friends , 15 persons or so .
so far my friends recommended me to Le Seminyak or The Goods Cafe , comment ?
I prefer the ones that have private room , tasty main courses and birthday cake , with live music , like the one in Cheese Cake Factory Cikini ( one of my friend held her birthday party there last night ) .
Go to Le Seminyak .
How do you type on a computer keyboard ?
what is gwam ?
a fruit Gross Words a Minute ... .
how many words you type in a minute well it kinda goes like this ... ... .
u press the buttons and words sho up ... . .
magical huh ?
If i put my 6 month old in temp foster care how hard would it be to get him out ?
Im having it rough to say the least .
This thought crossed my mind .
i need to get my life together ged job and new appartment .
I love my son & dont want to loose him forever but my depressions getting the worst of me and i have noone to turn too .
Try to find the proper category and re post this important question .
Where can i find the best curry in Adelaide CBD ?
Hello , I 'm English and really miss decent curries .
i 'm in a hostel in the CBD and am absolutely dying for a nice chicken madras and a couple of naan breads .
Please could anybody suggest a decent one ?
Thanks .
I 'd go to Hyde Park if i were you and the ' Raj on Taj ' 109 King William Road .
The naan breads are superb , the best in Adelaide and their Tandoori oven meat dishes are excellent & well cooked .
Hawkers Corner.Cheap and in the CBD ... the Naan bread is n't the best .
Why not return the British `` Falkland '' Islands to Argentina ?
is entirely reasonable for Las Islas Malvinas is geographically located in its territory , is located in Argentina , so these islands belong to Argentina .
Why is it so difficult to understand the British ?
not satisfied with having won nearly every territory of each country ?
the British are pirates !
spoken to someone who is only 14 years and taught to hate us from birth !
The people who were born on the islands want them to be a British Overseas Territory .
some thing better than facebook ?
iz there sum thing better than face book becz it stareing thu geht bored so can yhu tell mehh wat better than facebookk thankzz that made no sense .
none of those words were spelled correctly .
http://mcdonalds.com.au/#/careers Buy Watch in UK from Singapore ?
If a watch is bought by a person in Singapore from a UK shop , then there is no VAT charged .
When the watch is shipped to Singapore , is there some tax ( custom duty ) that is charged by Singapore ?
Thanks , Vikas Probably better to ask this on a Singapore board rather than a UK one You can try these site : http://www.buy-cheap-rolex-watches.com and http://www.cheaprolexshop.com / these shop have the most completed of watches , all good quality and cheap price , i like to buy cheap rolex watch here !
Why is so much weird shti happening to me ?
I dont know !
just lotsa health weirdness right now that is going on ... i do plenty of drugs so i dont know whats up .
someone hep me out hyea Stop doing drugs !
You are frying your brain .
Hope this helps .
You do drugs , that might be the issue .
That is because your brain has been taken over by Aliens .
How does IVA work in Spain when you build a house ?
We are intending to build a house in Spain .
We intend to buy some of the materials ourselves for the builder to install .
We may end up paying 18 % IVA on these . .
unless builders merchants sell them net.of the Spanish IVA .
We know at the end you pay IVA at 8 0n the cost of the new house . .
but what happens if you have paid the higher rate on some of the materials ?
Anyone already done a house build out there in Spain ?
Would be grateful for any advice from the expats out there who have done this . .
Thanks The true answer depends on your personal circumstances :
Which region the property falls under , Will the property be owned by a UK company ( IHT loophole ) , or a Spanish Company etc. ...
This is really something that you should be speaking to your Asesor about .
I would imagine that he would advise you to keep the receipts and that an adjustment would be applied for before paying your final taxes on completion .
http://www.tumbit.com/how-to-guides/articles/72-building-your-own-home.html If i were to ask a question what should it be ?
can i have green eggs and ham ?
do you like churros ?
is disneyland fun ?
are clowns secret killers ?
can tacos fly ?
are unicorns real ?
if you could be the president would you ?
is 2012 real ?
can i have your taco ?
can burritos talk ?
what is a Gir ?
Would you likes some Blue Waffles ?
DO YA LIKE WAFFLES ?
( yeah I like waffles ! )
DO YA LIKE PANCAKES ?
( yeah i like pancakes ! )
DO YA LIKE FRENCH TOAST ?
( yeah i like french toast ! )
DO DO DO DO CA N'T WAIT TO GET A MOUTHFUL ! !
~ Thanks for the 2 points .
xD why am I not receiving Yahoo mail .
I get redirected and can not open mail site . ?
This is relevant to Vietnamese taxes how ?
I accidentally .
Is this dangerous ?
Now look what you 've done !
YOU 'VE KILLED US ALL ! ! ! ! !
yes ?
Haha uhm .
You accidentally did n't finish your sentence ?
No , you should survive .
I have a question for you 2 ?
?
Restaurant delivery in Edmonton , Alberta ?
Any suggestions for restaurant delivery in Edmonton ?
I already know about Swiss Chalet , KFC , Boston Pizza , Dine and Dial service , and the seemly 100 ' s of pizza and asian food places , but am looking for something different for family dining ( not caterers , please ) .
I 'd love suggestions for new / different places that deliver free or for a small fee .
Tell me your favourites and what 's good to order !
: ) Montana 's is great , and you got ta love Pizza Hut .
I think that Chili 's and Outback Steak House also delivers , along with most other chains .
You should consider the smaller , non-chain restaurants , of which there are hundreds .
what is on the back of my phone ?
there are 2 tiny jacks on the back of my samsung reality they look like tv jacks but smaller
does anyone know what they are for ?
Read your users guide .
It came with the phone .
if its like my phone they will be for speakers whats the prosses of pulling wisdom teeth out ?
I would like to know what happens from the moment u sit in the chair and the moment u walk out of the dentist ... . .
what do they do to pull out ur wisdoms ?
do they numb u with a needle ?
put u to sleep ?
or what ?
whats the prosses ?
`` A great deal of the degree of difficulty associated removing a wisdom tooth will have to do with the manner in which it is positioned in the patients jawbone ( see types of wisdom tooth impaction page ) .
In general , the more normal the alignment of the wisdom tooth and the further through the gums it has been able to erupt , the less involved the extraction and its subsequent healing process will be .
'' tooth extraction When I got mine done , I got all 4 out .
Basically what happend is they put a needle in your arm and after a few moments , you 're basically out of it .
You 're not asleep , your just barely aware of whats going on .
And trust me , you cant feel ANYTHING thats happening .
After that , the dentist basically chips away at your gums , methodically pulls the teeth out so as to prevent major damage , and then the surgery is done and you slowly regain awareness .
The fun is during the following days where you have gauze in your mouth ALL the time because your mouth just wont stop bleeding .
Eating is also an issue .
BTW , you will look like a squirrel and it will be funny and everyone will laugh .
What 's a tasty German food ?
Black Forest Cherry Torte is chocolate sponge cake with whip cream , chocolate and cherry filling , and chocolate shavings .
Sauerkraut I once had a fantastic strudel with cream in Germany .
It was exemplary .
I would really suggest strudel or , like the first answerer said ; sauerkraut .
What 's a tasty Malaysia food ?
Apam Balik
ingredients : egg flour baking powder baking soda sugar water milk butter salt 1 , Siam Brahmi powder : a finer , more bars , easy to digest food powder , plus sauces , tamarind juice , lime juice , chicken and shrimp and other condiments , can make food more delicious this channel .
2 , Nyonya Cuisine :
Malay and Chinese cuisine mixed characteristics , flavor distinctively grid .
3 , Indian cuisine : the red and yellow curry and pizza as the keynote , divided into `` South India '' , `` North India '' and `` India - Muslim '' three different styles , the famous curry rice , dried beef , Indian fry bread , Indian food is a favorite passenger .
( 1 ) Romania Post : a long thin unleavened bread , croissants taste are usually eaten with curry accompanied .
( 2 ) Muer his Pa :
Luo paste folder vegetables , kebabs , eggs stuffed bread .
4 , the coconut rice :
The rice , meat and vegetables as raw materials made of , is a famous local specialties , you can not miss .
5 , Rojak :
The fruit - based raw materials , mixed with sweet and spicy seasonings Ban Cheng , taste great , Which is better Computer Engineering or Computer Science ?
I want to know which is better Computer Engineering or Computer Science ?
and which field gets more and jobs and the difference between them ?
I have done A-levels with Mathematics .
It depends alot on what you want , Computer Science is more of a study of how to make computers more advanced and how they work , while engineers work on making what the scientist figured out , althoug the engineer tells the technician what to do .
Its kind of like Computer Science > Computer Engineer > Computer Techician .
Both should earn about a similar amount of money so its really your choice .
try the business section what is the best restaurant in Cancun ?
The Cancun Diner what is the best way to dispose of a body ?
ok , do n't ask me why .
i just need to know NOW !
Acid .
One big barrel of sulfuric acid and your problems are over .
Make sure you wrap it in plastic before you start moving it around .
Watch CSI and DEXTER .
In the trunk of a car , then take the car to a compacter .
Send the resultant cube of steel and flesh to a recycling plant .
hope its a troll ; because if its true ; police would be on your doorstep in 1 hr or so When is the abc show off the map going to start back up again ?
I love the show off the map , and was just wondering when the show will start back up again because it was the season finale a week ago .
And ... you posted this question in DINING OUT > SPAIN > HUESCA because ... ?
I dont know .
I was searching also but all i got was that it may get taken off because it 's losing tv ratings after every episode .
Personally , i really like it .
It 's not Grey 's but i like the scenarios .
That is same thing I want to know .
How much tax should I pay in Spain on a salary of € 40,000 ?
How much tax should I pay in Spain on a salary of € 40,000 ?
I am a British expat will start to live in Spain and earning € 40,000 per Annam .
I 've tried to find out what the percentage of deductions shall be but can not seem to find a reliable source .
is tax taken from salary directly ?
also what else is taken from salary ?
Can anyone help ?
Too little information given in order to answer your question in detail .
I would seriously suggest contacting an Asesor who specialises in Tax issues - they will be able to advise you .
As a ( very general ) rule of thumb it depends upon how creative your company accountant is and whether they will be withholding a percentage of your monthly salary for the Hacienda for your yearly tax declaration .
PLEASE speak with a specialist , but I would have though that if you budgeted for a deduction of 25 % you should be covered - maybe even with a chance of recovering any over payments made at the end of the year .
http://www.tumbit.com/how-to-guides/articles/136-employee-rights-and-working-conditions-in-spain.html Is there any good seafood place for dinner in KL ( Bukit Bintang area ) ?
I 'm looking for a good eatery that serves great and not over-priced seafood ( eg fish , crab , squids , prawns etc ) , preferably halal and around Bukit Bintang area or near the KLCC .
The ones I 've found in BB area are either those Chinese restaurant types or steamboat types ; not those that serve black - pepper crab , cereal prawns etc.
Please help !
Thanks in advance !
Yes ... the seafood was very delicious ... check on google Like normal Are there any Maltese Bakeries in Perth , WA ?
As Easter time is nearing , I would like some traditional Maltese cakes such as Figoli .
Are there any Maltese bakeries in Perth , Western Australia ?
This probably does n't count , but how about Kiss Kiss Pastizzi ?
Centro Galleria , Cnr Collier & Walter Roads , Morley , WA 6062 ( thanks Google ! )
Maltese gourmet pastizzi finger food Is is wrong to drink coffee when dinning out ?
no. why would it be ?
i love coffee No. Coffee is great !
No , I drink coffee often when I dine out .
What would be an appropiate way to ask a lady out for dinner ?
Both of you are hanging out , chatting , and when both of you are about to reach the ending of a fun conversation , ask her if she would like to join you for a dinner , so both of you can resume the conversation , or have fun just distressing and getting to know each other more .
Must be asked when the atmosphere is warm and fun .
Just ask your girlfriend to go out with you .
need to persuade my mum about a holiday help please ?
hey , i keep telling my mam to go to salou for a week and all my family including my dad keep trying to persuade her too its very chewap but she keeps saying no bt then she says yes and when we go to book it she says no , ive tried reading reviews and showing her the weather but its not working how can i persuade her to go ?
the flight is on wednesday Just ask her and she will go .
If you pay for everything she will be happy to go .
what if boys of 7 grade glare at you ?
my class boys just laugh at me.first they see me , then they smile a lot.I know that a boy has crush on me .
i know that which boy has it.but when i talk to some other boy , that boy gets mad at the boy who talked to me.i need some urgent help here !
if it is too big a problem , tell your parents about it .
but if you want to handle it yourself , then just talk to the guy who has a crush on you and find out what his problem is .
the best way to solve any problem is communication .
good luck .
sounds like these boys like you and there 's a competition going on .
it 's not a glare , it 's a look of desire .
they 're probably afraid to approach you , afraid of rejection and being shot down .
And what does this have to do with dining out in India ?
They are 7th grade boys .
They do n't know how to let you know they like you .
Ignore them until they mature a little .
Are there any foreign food eating places in Ahmedabad , India , more for westerners than locals ?
Seems that there is indeed an American fast food lover 's express - style fast food eating joint ... .
http://www.thecityguide.in/Ahmedabad/Restaurants/NINI/Subway-Navrangpura Why does the food taste like soap sometimes ?
I think I rather it taste like soap than some else like toxic , get what I mean .
eww yak Are you rinsing your plates and cookware well enough while washing ?
Maybe it has cilantro in it .
Cilantro tastes like soap to some people .
Can anyone answer this question about my dinner ?
Is the soup supposed to taste like soap .
No. You probably did n't rinse your bowl well .
What does this have to do with dining out in Spain ?
YES IF IT IS SOAP SOUP ! !
Was there cilantro in it ?
Some people think that cilantro tastes like soap ( my husband is one of them . )
Tell me , there are a good restaurant ?
to visit some day http://www.bargloria.com.br / < -- -- -- -- see that link Will I be charged VAT tax if I bring silver with me on my move from US to Europe ?
I was going to bring under 10k worth so it 's not taxed by IRS before leaving as well .
Would this give me any problems arriving in Europe ?
also , please advise on any other hidden taxes I might not be aware of http://www.listia.com/signup/370705 How to deal with local Dining / Restaurant culture ?
I 'm a Professional Cook who would love to open the kind of place you see on the show Diners , Drive - Ins and Dives ( especially a Southern BBQ and comfort food type place ) .
Unfortunately , I know it would be a battle against the chain establishments and not just the fast foods like McDonald 's or KFC but also the Montana 's , Kelsey 's , Boston Pizza or even Tim Horton 's and I just do n't get it .
What draws people to these restaurants that have crappy food and are n't even inexpensive these days ?
Or to the same boring breakfast diner that 's serving the same predictable food that every other breakfast diner is serving ?
As a former chef myself and having worked in a few places that did not fare well like a take - out Seafood business , sort of like a pizza delivery but with $ 30 dinners and 3 lb lobsters at $ 50 + .
For what your looking at doing it is best to do a market study , this will cost you a couple of hundred dollars to print up a small questionnaire , a stamped return envelope and it may only result is a few coming back , but it would give the area , city and neighbourhood incite for this place , also is there anything like it where your looking , here in Toronto we have 5 - 8 types like your idea , if it is a takeout place it may fare better as you can concentrate on the food , and if it catches on then a full service restaurant down the line , if you want to pick my brain , just drop me a line through my profile and I will help were I can , Good Luck with your venture .
People just go there for fast service and cheap food , trust me , if everyone had the money to eat out at a fancy restaurant , in a couple years , people would be saying `` McWho ? ''
.
do roman as romans do do the Germans have a fascination towards French movies ?
Not really , its considred rather `` snobbish '' to be totally bedazzled by french movies .
You can watch them , and like them , but dont put it higher as any else , just because its french .
Where can I find different range of herbal smoke blends ?
gas stations
corner stores
tanning salons
Las Vegas malls
Smoke shops / Head shops
Cigarette for Cheaper stores
grocery stores
flea markets
farmer 's markets
cigar shops Check this website www.buzz-wholesale.com Alot of intersting info .
Want to know about Adelaide ?
Now i am in Bangladesh .
I wish i will go an immigration visa of south Australia .
So , I want to know about the leaving cost of Adelaide and Job opportunity .
As a very first timer in Australia what type of job i can get in Adelaide .
Your visa ( whether you can get one or not ) depends on your profession , You need to be formally skilled in a profession that has a high need in Australia ( more jobs than qualified people ) .
There is no such thing as a blanket visa .
Adelaide is a great place to live and work , Basic jobs come in at boners in slaughterhouses , cleaners taxi drivers and waiters and messengers and then there is cops firefighters , nurses , government jobs from data entry to it technician , lecturers and working for the councils which is a labourers job
If you have a skill naturally you are going to be better of getting a better paid job .
There are many other professions just like every other big city , lawyers , doctors , specialists , admin jobs , catering etc. .
etc. .
etc. .
I have listed some sites below that you can look at in finding a rental property .
and i have also provided a link to the adelaide south australian website .
In adelaide we have lots of cricket matches , many AFL football games , concerts , theatre shows , night clubs and many many locally run sporting and community clubs .
I have also provided a link to our local paper you can browse through that and it will give you an idea on the kind of communitty Adelaide is
The second link is a link to the South Australian government it will help you to find many things about getting a visa , what kind of visa and what other choices are available to you .
I really hope you look at the websites they will be a great source of info
All the Best : ) UK tax qualification - can I work abroad ?
I 'm doing the ATT qualification and would lke to work abroad .
It 's a uk tax qualification but could I use it abroad and how ?
I 'm thinking maybe Expatriot taxation but I 'm not sure .
Any help much appreciated , thanks .
ps. I 'm also a qualified book - keper and only speak English .
Ex-pats are always taxed in the country they live , nto the UK , so any tax due would be worked out by the tax offices in that country .
Usually a qualification like yours would be UK only as the tax laws are so different in all other countries , so you would need to qualify there and in their language .
Is importing entirely bad for the importing country ?
There are few things in the world which are either all black or white , or entirely bad vs. completely good .
When an importer imports a commodity or goods , it is either because : 1 ) it is otherwise not available in the importing country , or 2 ) it is much cheaper in price than a similar item domestically produced and therefore is a financial advantage to the consumer or buyer / user .
One of the the problems with importing is that it does not help in creating any jobs at home .
That work is performed in a foreign country and therefore it can lead to increased unemployment .
Another bad thing is that it can lead to a trade imbalance , as for instance with China , where they export far more goods than they import from the same country , like the USA .
Not at all .
If another country can specialize in making an item cheaper than it can be made domestically , it makes sense to import .
The problems arise when you are importing far more than you are exporting ( which means that money is flowing out instead of flowing in or being evenly balanced ) or when one country ( looking at you China ) keeps their currency artificially undervalued so that all of their goods will be cheaper on the world market .
how come i can noT find THE pot of gold at the end of the rainbow : ( ? im at the end of a rainbow but i can not find the pot O ' gold : ( p.s i also see the leprechaun and i tried asking him but he keeps making wierd noises thanks : ) im not positive but i think its a figure of speech . Leprechaun 's hide the pots of gold in a tree . You must be small in order to go in the tree , but once you 're in there , they will most likely tie you up and feed you Lucky Charms until you poo your very own rainbow .
Truth is , the pot of gold is inside you now if you 're at the end of the rainbow .
You , my dear , are a true treasure .
You ca n't GET to the end of the rainbow .
Where is my T.V .
remote ?
I ca n't find it and my mommys gon na beat me with a toaster !
a black dude stole it and is currently shoving it up his gaping anus It 's between the couch cushions BETWWEEN THE COUUCHES What is Captain Bens opening hours ?
What time do Captain Bens takeaways in Ilam Christchurch close .
Are they open different hours on different days ?
The opening times has n't been listed but you can call them to check : ( 03 ) 348 7076 Studying Aboard :
Paris , Lyon or Nice ?
I 'm going to France to learn French , and I have to choose between Paris , Lyon and Nice .
I do n't really know anything about any of them , even though I 've looked them up on Google .
I will be living with a host family .
Which is SAFER ?
Which is more CULTURAL ?
Which , if any , if more FRIENDLY ?
I 'm Canadian .
Which would you recommend for a 19 year old ?
I 'm sort of set on this , I choose Lyon as the place I will be living and attending classes .
At the end of my course , I will spend a week in Paris and a week in Nice .
But yeah , I need you opinion please .
I would go to Paris .
Being Canadian is a big plus because Canadians are well liked here ( and all around the world as a matter of fact ) .
Paris is rather safe .
It is easy to go anywhere in and out the city with the metro RER and trains .
There is more museums and attractions that you could ever wish .
People are friendlier than they used to be in Paris ( because there is less and less `` real Parisians '' here ) .
Nice is beautiful too , but I am not too keen of the southern `` in your face '' kinda attitude .
This is Dining Out .
there 's a perfectly good category for Studying Abroad called : `` Studying Abroad '' .
It 's under education .
Better answers there .
what types of wildlife does quebec have ?
Do n't forget the Habs fans , very wild Squirrel , moose & deer , fox & wolf , beaver , whales , seal and different birds .
Can anyone answer this again , about my dinner ?
Why does soup tastes like soap ?
And I did wash my dish well !
If you were washing dishes close to your uncovered soup , the soap could have splashed in it , Also , if you do n't rinse your dishes with very hot water and long enough , you could have soap residue on them .
I always rinse very well .
I also dry them with a towel then rinse again .
The really only side effect of ingesting dish soap is diarrhea .
If you rinsed in warm or cold water all the soap didnt come out .
Rinse in hot water .
Also never wash & not rinse all that does is leave dirty water to dry on them Seriously ?
Italian tax system - reporting overseas income ?
I am probably going to be working in Italy for a few years , but I am concerned about being taxed on income that I derive already outside that country .
I am aware that overseas income must be declared in the annual tax return .
Can someone with knowledge of the Italian tax system please tell me what documentation is required with the annual return to show income derived from outside Italy .
I worked in Italy for 3 years , and only payed the taxes ( 20 % ) IVA that was owed in Italy , and thats it .
I was not asked for out side income .
At least thats how it worked for me , and when I got back to Canada , I filed for 2009 , and included my earnings from Italy .
Thats it .
Why do we pay income tax and gst ?
and what 's the difference between income tax and gst ?
No difference .
`` Gross income '' refers to income from all sources and not yet netted against adjustments or expenses .
`` Total income '' refers to income from all sources .
`` Net income '' is what you call it AFTER you 've deducted all direct expenses / deductions .
( Some answers above are a bit off . In tax parlance , `` EBIT '' is what you call income before taxes . It stands for `` earnings before income taxes '' . )
For your project , you can dazzle ' em if you know the official income tax formula for individuals per the Revenue Code :
Income ( all sources ) less exclusions from income ( like non-taxable interest and child support ) = Total income
Total income less adjustments for A.G.I .
= adjusted gross income
Adjusted gross income less standard or itemized deductions less exemptions = taxable income
Taxable income less tax credits plus other taxes ( such as self - employment tax ) less refundable credits less prepayments of income tax ( such as from a W - 2 ) = tax due or refund due I need a personal identification number in labor office.can you help me what is the steps ?
you 'll have to call into your local office in person I M GOING IN VENICE ITALY LIKE TO KNOW A GOOD RESTAURANT WHERE THE LOCAL PEOPLE GO ?
Okay , first piece of advice , stay away from the big touristy squares .
They are terribly expensive and none of the locals go there .
What I did was instead of sitting down to eat , buy a pizza from one of the many pizza shops on the corner , they are cheap and always the BEST .
If you do want to go to a restaurant , I recommend looking around the smaller streets away from the touristy places , I found a great one on a small canal in the local place , they 're great to holiday makers .
So yeah , look around the less touristy bits and you 'll find a very traditional small italian restaurant for a smaller price .
Have fun , Venice is gorgeous .
: ) I went to Venice it was amazing i really dont know any good places but lots of people like to steal and bag for me look out for gipses they are horrible Good restaurant in Vienna ?
I 'm searching for a good restaurant in Vienna that has open on sundays and can accommodate around 50ppl .
Something like the Piaristenkeller but open on sundays .
Check Nile Guide but two reasonable restaurants Weibels Wirthaus and Palais Coburg Hotel Residenz
5 star and expensive Meinl 's Restaurants and Metropol You may have to call ahead and ask if they are open on Sundays .
Go to Nile Guide it will help you or Localyte.com to find a tourguide who can answer you on that question .
Plachutta i need a personal identification number in labor office ( europe ) .
can you help me ?
no What type of atta do you like the best ? ! ?
ps atta means flour in hindi / punjabi !
Lakshmi brand Aashirwad What are some popular restaurants in Niagara Falls ?
I am doing a culinary project about Niagara Falls and i have to make a brochure trying to get people to go to Niagara falls , so I want to add some popular restaurants : ) Hard rock cafe IS It Illegal To Pull A Fire Alarm ?
Is It ? ? ?
Yes it is .
You pull a `` Fire Alarm '' and there 's NO fire , you get caught , it 's now a $ 2500 fine and possible jail time .
With every City and County watching expenditures , they 'll have YOU paying for such a stupid prank .
Courts do n't like this either , so do n't even think about doing it unless you 're homeless and need a roof over your head and free meals .
It 's no joke nowadays .
if theres no fire , i believe .
thats a serious prank .
not if there is a fire or suspected fire .
if you thnk there is a fire pull the alarm and worry about it later .
Which plants exhale oxygen 24 hours ?
can u plz name the plants that exhale oxygen 24 hours .
As i know , mostly plants exhale oxygen in sunlight only and exhale co2 at night .
All the plants exhale oxygen in sunlight .
There are none that do it all the time .
I need a great place in Hobart to have a birthday lunch on a Sunday can be in the city or huon region . ?
Its a 23rd birthday .
At the top of the cost scale places like Mee Wah or Peppermint Bay are memorable .
Raincheck lounge - Nth Hobart , James Squire Bar , Bar Celona on the Quarry in Salamanca are all good Lucknow organic food ?
hi Can we get organic food in lucknow ( UP ) India ?
please help where to get ?
I do not know the exact place .
Please consult in two places 1 ) government agriculture office and 2 ) vet nary Thank you . .
i am an int student joining dal halifax in jan. is it easy to find part time jobs there ?
Yes .
opportunities there are not too bad .
Anybody know a good place for fish taco 's in Halifax , Nova Scotia ?
Went to L.A last summer , they are big on fish taco 's , rightly so because they are delicious !
Unless you make them yourself , it is not something you would commonly find , even the local Taco Bell 's would not bother with them , the ingredients are available at the grocery stores , fix some for yourself , I know they sell everything in Halifax , it is not hard , grilled fish or fried is best , even canner lobster would be nice .
My house 8 ) !
cheap motel in Halifax novascotia ?
Come by my house .
here 's a helpful resource - listing of lower - priced hotels in Halifax .
Good luck !
Where can I get more information about resaturates in Ipoh , Malaysia ?
I thought this category would have some things , but I only see about 4 out of 100 resolved questions that have any chance of being helpful .
Anyways , how can get more information about Ipoh ?
In any of their many chemical labs .
Hmm , I do not know what happened to the leader board here - glitch or they removed them !
Computer type in where are restrants in * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * http://www.perak.info/Perak_Restaurants/index.htm this website is everything u need .
it included address ... have a nice day ~ Half - life 2 help , what does the lightning bolt icon mean ?
I 've never played Half - life and I just started playing Half - life 2 .
What does the icon of a lightning bolt mean ... ?
It pops up on the right side of the screen .
It 's annoying me because I do n't know what it means and nothing in the game told me .
It means you picked up a suit battery .
Each battery charges your HEV suit 's armor by 15 points .
The armor absorbs two - thirds of the damage dealt to you , until the armor runs out .
You can recharge your armor by picking up batteries , which are colored blue , or using Combine armor chargers , which are colored orange and hold 75 points of charge .
It means you are getting fucking electrocuted ...
Is sharing info about Ipoh , Malaysia no longer worthy of having a leader board ?
How do frogs use antifreeze ?
They surive in cold wheater They drink it 大约每分钟左右的英语不好对不起 ! ! ! !
America ? ?
Can asking and answering questions in uncommon categories help keep you safe from violations ?
Can it help decrease the chance of a moderator flagging your question or answer ?
Yes , It will help to decrease but there is also a chance to get violation.Low scopes area such as Dinning out and travel categories , there will be only one or two question inside small categories.But low scope are will have no open question.If so your answer will be reported by the questioner.That is the problem .
I tested it and I prooved it by asking a question in Polls & survives and dinning out.When I asked in polls & survives my question has been deleted in seconds and in dinning out my question do n't .
But answers can be reported by questioner.You are right that will decrease the chance.And high scope area will increase the chance such as in Polls & survives .
Maybe try it and find out I do n't know for sure , but I 'm pretty certain it 's the question asker and other answerers who are doing the flagging .
It does n't seem like the moderators are doing random checks .
I think they wait until one of us has brought something to their attention .
Like you , I WAS a top contributor , yet I get violation notices every few days because I like to `` tell it like it is . ''
If someone 's being stupid or rude with their question , then I say so -- and I can be a smart a * * at times .
I do n't hold much back .
I find that I usually end up hitting a lot of nerves in the religion / spirituality and dating sections .
That 's where a lot of the cry - babies and tattle - tales are .
And the tweeners who come on looking for someone else to do their homework .
Their feelings get hurt real fast when you point out what they 're doing and do n't talk to them in the mamby - pamby b.s .
tone that their teachers and parents use with them .
A DEADLY DISEASE QUESTION ?
So , today i woke up with a sore throat .
Then i got a stuffy nose that was also a runny nose .
Then i got a small cough the nextest morning.What is wrong with me ?
Am i going to DIE ?
Many people in our house also have it .
Will they all die too ?
There is no `` nextest '' .
You have a cold .
And yes , we will all die .
This '' deadly disease '' is called flu Yes you better say your goodbyes now I do n't think you 're going to make it through the night HOW TO INCRESS THE BODY WAIGHT BY NATURAL WAY ? . ?
Have lots of bananas , pastries , Pizzas , fruit juice , milk shake and sweet puddings eat , breads , potatoes and rice - do n't increase body weight by eating to many sweets or saturated fats - Do n't intake extra diet without proper exercise .
It may increase your bally only and your muscle will remain the same .
Take proper excercise and food to gain weight .
Heading to Victoria with the kids .
Anyone know any kid friendly restaurants ?
Perhaps a pizza joint ?
Burger King or White Castle !
Sarpinos is always a good choice .
I looked in YellowPages and grabbed a directory for you .
Hope this helps .
Umm I do n't know to many pizza places besides Pizza Hut and Domino 's and I have a feeling that is not what you 're looking ofr .
can I find good Romanian wine anywhere in Phuket ?
pffffffffffffffffffffffffffffft well I know where you can find a good Romanian lush in Phuket * sneaks look upwards * Theres a place up the main street and you turn left or maybe its a left turn . .
ah phucket i cant remember i was drunk at the time What Age Do You Need To Be To Stay In A Hotel With Parents Permission ?
Me ( 14 ) and my friend ( 15 ) are going yo a concert in a different county so we cant come home that night if my mom rang the hotel and explained do you think they would leave us ?
my parents will book and pay for the hotel I would assume they would need your mom to come and tell them the situation face to face and even then they still probably would not let two VERY young teenage girls stay in a hotel unaccompanied , and personally I 'm unconvinced that your mother would actually consent to this .
As a mom , I would n't dream of letting a fourteen year old child go off with a fifteen year old in a different county and let them spend the night in a hotel without adult supervision .
The hotel will not rent a room unless there is someone 18 or older with you , regardless of what anybody else tells you .
Read their rules on the hotel web site if available .
From birthdate to 10 years Old .
11 and above show order ratted r dvds or adult only dvds or movies online or go on youtube , facebook or other like p. ... ... ... . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
which are best places in Ahmadabad ?
Dear friends ,
I am just engaged .
My native place is Baroda .
So , please suggest which are the best places in Ahmadabad where i can go with my fiance and to spend some best loving and memorable times where crowd is too less .
so , please suggest me .
your earlier response will appreciate .
hi , the best places in ahmedbad is vastrapur lake for chill out , science city for getting ur self educated about science and maths , handloom house for shopping , food street side chinese food , dabali and sandwiches yummm , cool breeze elis bridge which is one of the best place Hi ...
Why not visiting Zanzari falls near Ahmedabad .
Just follow the link below for more details .
http://ahmedabad.metromela.com/Trip+to+Zanzari+waterfalls/article/4695?categoryName=Tours%20and%20Travels
Hope this helps you . .
What famous diners are in Edmonton ?
Like the show Diners drive - ins and dives , those diners .
I really wan na go to one and taste good food .
Jungle Jims at West Ed Mall .
Very very good food .
What would be considered a secondo piatto from the options offered ?
What would be considered a secondo piatto from the options offered ?
A.la bruschetta B.penne alla bolognese C.gamberetti alla griglia D.il gelato al limone E.le patate the gamberetti alla griglia - the others are an antipasto , primo piatto , dolce and contorno ( side dish ) , respectively Does anyone know anything about Joels Restaurant , Dublin ?
Hi , I 've heard mixed reports about a restaurant called Joels in Dublin , on the Naas Road .
I 'm going there soon with a group and wonder if anyone knows anything about it ?
Thanks : ) Have n't been there but here are some reviews , menu 's and dining.Have a good time there !
Nope sorry I think it 's excellent .
Do they sell Ranch dressing in Cologne , Germany ?
not likely ranch is an American concoction , Germany and most of Europe have their own special dressings that have been developed in their localities for years and years Depends on what brands the supermarkets sell there .
I can get Newman 's Own ranch dressing in the supermarkets in the UK , so you can always look for that .
I can also get one other brand , but ca n't recall the name of it off the top of my head .
If you are really stuck , you can order it online .
No i dont think so .
can u get pregnant if you hug a boy ?
mama said Not un-less you do it naked and all the plumbing connects ! ! !
No. Yup .
Always use protection .
Are there any short barista courses in Canberra , ACT ?
I only know of Cosmorex that offers a one evening ( 5 to 7:30pm ) barista course .
Yeah , CosmoreX are pretty good .
Ideal Coffee Australia have some seriously good courses , do n't know too much about the length though .
They have some pretty knowledgeable people as instructors .
Ph 04 1885 2083 www.idealcoffeeaustralia.com G'day SKC ,
Thank you for your question .
I have not been able to find any .
Perhaps you might try the CIT.
Regards Where is best hotel , place ( cheapest and costly ) for BEST NON VEG .
IN BARODA ?
All varities in non veg.pleaseHELP ?
Whats dish cost and where in baroda ?
Angeethi Restaurant BF 8 Basera Complex , , NR Natubhai Circle , Gotri Road , Vadodara -390021 , Opp Dhara Hospital , , Gotri Road , Vadodara - 390021 9898074959
Egg Donald Kalyan Hall , , Sama Road , Vadodara -390002 , Sama Road Vadodara , Vadodara - 390002 9825124466 , 9427612224 Who is Eduardo Surita ?
Eduardo Surita is a 16 year old boy , born in the united kingdom , grew up in Brazil , he speaks Portuguese and but now he goes by the name Aaron Trumpington .
He loves skateboarding and making videos and he intends to have a lot of posers.He is famous in brazil .
Perhaps Eduardo aka Aaron is the young man whose mother died when she took him to stay with her parents in Brazil but is now living with his father in the USA after his father pled with the Brazilian government for custody of the boy .
Whoever he is I 'm glad to learn he loves skateboarding and making videos .
Life is good .
Niagara Falls for 1 night ?
in the summer . .
what to do ?
where to stay ?
what to eat ?
What to do - there are many things to do uin the falls for 1 night .
go on the boat ride , play games , haunted houses and last but not least there are two casinos Old Niagara Casino , and Fallsview Casino .
Where to stay - Hotel hilton hotel is connected to fallsview casino if not there , there are many hotels and motels near by where you can crash for a night , you can even sleep in your car if you want .
What to eat - the choices are endless alotta restaurants whatever you want you can get .
So my friend has a problem with Explicit burrito porn . ?
I think he really has a problem , Because last time I had a burrito , he saw it , took it from my hands and made it perform a strip tease for him , and it was extremely disturbing .
Plus he spends probably about 10 hours out of his 12 hour day just watching burrito porn ...
The other 2 hours he spends making burritos .
I think I might have to put him in rehab ...
What should he do ... ?
Should he admit his ways are wrong or should he just keep going ?
I do n't think I can keep hanging out with him if all he thinks about is burritos ... any ideas ?
Note : he recently got a ruptured testicle , just saying NOTE : its Jhon smout , he is trying to hide his problem ... .
its quite sad : ( I 'm hungry now . Fail Troll . > . > this is quite sad . eww thats grosss ... he probably has sex with burritos . 30th birthday dinner - who pays ? So my husband is turning 30 soon and we 've booked an italian restaurant for dinner for our immediate family ( 16 people ) . The cost for set menu is $ 78pp but we 've told everyone the dinner will be $ 50pp and that we 'll pay for the alcohol . And to not bring gifts .
Is this ok or should we be paying for the entire bill ?
What is the etiquette ?
We could probably afford to as we have some time to save .
What are your thoughts ?
To clarify , we would be paying the difference I.e $ 28 per person .
The alcohol would be an additional expense altogether that we would also be paying .
I think that as long as you stress `` no presents '' that this is fine - people do n't expect to attend these sort of things without at least contributing to the cost ( different if it is a wedding ! )
Only suggestion I would make is consider your guest list - if your inviting couples this = $ 100 which whilst this is still pretty good for a night out , for some $ 100 is more than they can afford !
- Only you know those your considering inviting - if you think that $ 100 might mean they reconsider attending and it is important to you that they do attend than other options might need to be considered such as other venue options , asking for a lower amount or a simple statement such as `` in lieu of presents we ask for a contribution towards the occassion ~ as much or as little as you are able but please no more than $ 50pp '' ... not sure about the wording LOL ... but you get the idea !
They should be paying for the meal it self and you just put money on the tab for the alcohol .
That 's the right way to do it good luck and happy birthday to your husband !
I would think everybody could pitch in except your husband .
Yes pay the entire bill .
Where is everyone from this Spain dining section ?
Where is everyone from this Spain dining section ?
I have so many questions to ask and ca n't seem to find people on this section to answer them .
What is your favorite Spainish food ?
Whatever you do , do n't go anywhere that is serving raw vegetables because of the Ecoli scare .
Yummy I enjoy tapas Well , you post a question , and the people come by and see , and answer them .
You ca n't see us .
Because we are n't real .
And most of the people here were having private discussions about things that had nothing to do with Spanish dining out ... they were asking about cooking Mexican foods , and Kosher foods , and other irrelevant questions , like why their soup tastes like soap .
You ask , we 'll answer .
Can you cook fruit nuts on Spainish foods ?
Ummmmmmm , what are fruit nuts ?
There are Spanish foods with fruit and nuts in them .
Yes you can cook anything on the foods you like .
What is the japanese restuarant called where the cook the meal in front of you on a hot grill ?
http://bbq.about.com/cs/ethnic/a/aa071297.htm Tsukasa !
Hibachi Where is a better restaurant in the FLORENCE AREA ?
Tratorria Pandemonio is very good - http://www.trattoriapandemonio.it / If you go , try the ribollita and the fiorentina .
I also like Da i 5 Amici which is between the Duomo and Palazzo Vecchio http://www.ristorantifiorentini.com/dai5amici.htm The ribollita there is very good too and I especially like the cinghiale ( wild boar in a red sauce with black olives ) FLORENCE , Where ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
:-) are there any dutch restaurants in auckland ?
my boyf is dutch and i wan na take him to a dutch restaurant .
i know it sounds racist bt he knows i mean well :
P Dutch Delight It 's not racist and i 'm sure there would be , try searching this website : http://www.eatout.co.nz / Any good traditional Spanish restaurants in Palma Nova ?
Or is it all just British and fast food places ?
Yes Lol , it 's just Spain and fast foods .
You might want to try the Palma Nova restaurant .
Strawberry shortcake bakery in Auckland CBD ?
Is there a cake shop / bakery that sells whole cakes or even slices of strawberry shortcakes ?
Thanks Perhaps and yeah there are cake shops around There should be plenty , but you may need to order something if it is special i do n't really know how i got here i just clicked on new zeland and this is the first thing that came up
and i missed spelled new zeland because its lame
strawberry shortcake is sometimes good when it has the dog poop middle Como se dice butiffaras blancas en Ingls ?
I 'm reading a recipe on how to make an `` arroz con costra '' palla .
Except , there 's an ingredient called butifarras blancas .
Does anyone know what that is ?
Muchas gracas !
White sausages .
( it 's plural ) white sausages If you can not find butifarra blanca , a white pork sausage of the region , bratswurt or a similar white sausage can be a substitute or you can simply omit the sausage .
http://www.spain-recipes.com/arroz-con-costra.html Would someone please help me out ?
So , I 'm doing a restaurant on a Paris restaurant and I got ta make it up all on my own ( name of the restaurant , location etc. . )
and so I have a question and its says . .
Where is the restaurant co-owned and operate ?
What does that mean ?
Can you give me some examples or tell me some .
I 'll give 10 points for best answer .
Thank you so much ! !
it means where is the restaurant ... the place ...
I LOVE THAI CULINARY XD XD XD ?
i I also I LOVE THAI CULINARY XD XD XD ?
I also I LOVE THAI CULINARY XD XD XD ?
I also the best cuisine in the world ?
i not guess the best cuisine in the world ?
i not guess the best cuisine in the world ?
i not guess the best cuisine in the world ?
i not guess local business ... ... ... ... ... ... . . ?
i not guess Food in Catalunya for fussy eater ?
I am wanting to go to Catalunya but do n't like seafood .
What dishes can you suggest for me ?
A sandwich with dessert .
Lol , Lolita fried chicken and fries are fatning and unhealthy .
If it 's summertime , they have the BEST ice cream EVER ! ! !
Hmmm .
no seafood ?
Paella :
Vegetarian would do .
There are vegetable dishes everywhere .
Tortilla espaola .
Espinacas .
There 's gazillions of meat dishes !
Hams !
OMG !
You have to try the HAMS ! ! !
And the cheeses !
You could manage on just ham and cheese tapas !
Croquetas , pizza , Pasta ( pesto , marinara , bolognese ) , there are Kabob places , and Indian food , and Chinese .
We found some great little noodle places ( I was traveling with an extremely fussy vegetarian . You would n't believe ! )
And , if all else fails ( and I hate to suggest this , because , you know , Spanish cooking is so massively yummy and varied , but ) there 's always :
Pizza Hut , McDonald 's , Burger King ( I think ) KFC , and other chains .
You 'll find food .
I promise .
If you have to go to the Boqueria and buy your own raw food , you will find food to eat .
Fried chicken and fries .
tips for eating the world ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
tips for eating the world ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
tips for eating the world ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
tips for eating the world ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I 'm sure some hungry tigers or zombies will be happy to help you out .
tips for eating the world ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Huh tips for eating in the world ?
i not guess huh ?
tips for eating in the world ?
rest tips for eating in the world ?
auto If you plan on eating in other places of the world make sure you know their customs and table manners .
You would not want to do something you see as ok but is an extreme insult to the people you are eating with .
An example of custom is that in China it is polite to slurp when you drink tea .
Yes , tips for eating in the world .
dining out around in the world ?
dining in the world ?
dining out around in the world ?
20 dining out around in the world ?
Yes , it awesome I used to done that before .
I lived in America for 15 years and I have eat foods from different country like American foods , Italian , Vietnamese , Korean , Nicaragua , Thailand , and Malaysia the foods is terrific .
I used to think that dining around the world is a wonderful ideas like mystic , fantasy , dining , and enjoy foods for life .
40 What is a typical meal that a family from Switzerland may have when guests are invited ?
spaghetti w meatballs Is beef the main meat when dining in Argentina ?
It 's a pretty close tie between beef and pork ( or whatever goes in their sausages ) .
They do love their ' choripanes ' What is the approximate Income and Tips for a Waitress in Edmonton , Alberta ?
I currently work as a waitress in NL where minimum wage is $ 10 and I make decent tips as well .
But my boyfriend and myself are both looking to moving back to the Mainland shortly after our first child is born in November .
We 'll be going to Edmonton and I would like to know the average pay ( per hour ) for a Waitress there and approximately how much they can make up to in tips ?
I would like to figure out how much better I could be doing financially in the same field because we want a more comfortable life .
Obviously , a waitress will make more tips based on good service and friendliness .
Waitresses in NL can make up to a couple hundred in tips on a weekend night , a bit less during the weekdays .
I feel that tips may generally be higher because median income is higher in AB than NL .
I would love to hear answers from Edmonton 's Waitresses .
How much do you generally take home at the end of the night ?
Thanks : ) people in alberta are selfish and snooty and do n't tip. I used to be a waitress in Calgary and most people are rude dining out around in the world ... ?
do you fear death ?
dining out around in the world ... ?
do you fear death ?
What 's there to eat in this place ?
Eat in what Place ?
but Yea KFC is gud !
mcdonald dining out around in the world ... ?
yea dining out around in the world ... ?
10 dining out around in the world ... ?
20 dining out around in the world ... ?
40 What is a good Spainish recipee with fruit nuts ?
A fruit salad can have nuts likes walnuts and almonds .
Is it safe to eat alone in a restaurant when traveling to Spain ?
Is n't it better to be accompany by a man ?
Yes its fine .
Ask for all the prices upfront first though , so that they cant rip you off .
Yes it is safe and you do n't need a man .
What is a typical Austrian meal that I could order after a concert in Vienna ?
Frankfutrts of course .
What is a Brazialian meal that I could order at a restaurant near Brasilia ?
I 'm from the USA but have traveled extensively Feijoada - Main Course - Black Bean Stew with Smoked Meats .
http://www.southamericanfood.about.com/od/exploresouthamericanfood/tp/BrazilianMenu.htm
:-) what does the word dingulfee mean ?
This is a highly context - sensitive word :-)
What was the context this word was used ?
where could I go to try horse meat ?
I live in new jersey & was wondering where I could go if I wanted to try a small ammount of horse meat .
Saw that some countrys made it alot & there was a top chef episode on it & I was curious about how it actually tasted .
Where could I order it from ?
Can someone mention a specific place where I could get it imported ?
I doubt you will get it in the USA , they eat it in France , and Jenny Bond ( a UK reporter ) did a piece on it on Hell 's Kitchen UK here , and she had to go to France to try it , because it 's not allowed here either .
You can try a speciality meat supplier , who caters in exotic meats ?
definitly not in AMERICA !
try china , korea or japan You 'll need to order it from places out of state .
What is your favorite food when you visit Germany ?
The roast ox at the Ochsenbraterei ( a Spaten tent ) at Oktoberfest in Munich .
But there are lots of good things to eat .
There are some very good wild game dishes in the restaurants below Neuschwanstein castle .
German tacos !
I was between the ages of 13 - 17 when I was there and always enjoyed their fast food options available at every corner .
Pomfrits mit mayonnaisse ( Fries with mayo ) Sounded weird at first but MmMm good Bratwurst and curry sauce And my favorite ...
Schnitzel with brown sauce ( Basically veal , chicken or pork with brown gravy ) .
There 's always someone running around some park selling kasa brot ( Cheese and bread ) .
Have n't been there in a long time so my spelling is probably off a bit , but I 'm glad I experienced food from the trenches as opposed to some stuffy restuarant .
Got all my advice on what to eat from the German kids I used to hang out with .
Oktoberfest was alot of fun .
Never had a chance to eat anywhere uber fancy , so good luck with that : ) How much import tax would I have to pay ?
I live in Singapore and want to buy a Canon lens which will cost me about SG $ 10,000 , if I buy it from a US shop I can get it for SG $ 8000 , but I wanted to know how much import duty or tax I 'll have to pay when it comes through the border ?
I do n't think you have to pay tax for a Canon lens , to be certain , contact the custom :
Customer Service Line ( Available 24 hours a day ) Tel : ( 065 ) 6355 2000 * Email : customs_documentation@customs.gov.sg What goes good to eat with Roast Ox ?
Fried potatoes & Sauerkraut dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Am7xl.r0dfYGOZTZ_qi6T1sXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110613105634AAORlpd dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Am7xl.r0dfYGOZTZ_qi6T1sXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110613105634AAORlpd dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Am7xl.r0dfYGOZTZ_qi6T1sXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110613105634AAORlpd dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Am7xl.r0dfYGOZTZ_qi6T1sXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110613105634AAORlpd dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Am7xl.r0dfYGOZTZ_qi6T1sXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110613105634AAORlpd A T - Rex came back to life in the museum and ate me ! ?
How do I get out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
dont worry man that happens to me all the time , you just need to be patient and give it a cookie dispenser .
: 0 ... .
Hmmmm ... .
How did you post this question ?
Easy way to get out is to wait & have patience .
As the days go by you will get thinner & thinner and then you can easily escape through the bones .
Alternatively if you are fat then it 's more easy .
You do n't have to wait just use your hands and break those crumpy bones .
If these things do n't work then wake up or else you will die !
:-)
Cafes with live musicians in Edmonton ?
You know how some cafes will have like , live bands ( Who are n't really famous ) playing , or just some live musicians playing on stage while everyone sits around and drinks coffee ?
Well , I was wondering if Edmonton in Canada had any cafes like that ?
Which also allow underage teens in .
i dont know any cafes but theres the old spaghetti factory , and they have good bands .
Its located in downtown js .
When the waitress gives satisfactory service , what do I say in German to her ?
depends
In a restaurant you could say ( after or while paying ) :
`` Danke , es war sehr gut ( Thanks , it was delicious ) ! ''
Normally you do n't say much and rather give a higher tip. What is a good dish made from grouse ( or any bird ) in Germany ?
Chicken wings ...
How do I say in German `` Please bring me another glass of wine '' ?
Bitte bringen Sie mir noch ein Glas Wein ein mehr glass wein bitte .
dining out around in the world ... ?
hi !
I 'm new here ?
ahahhahah dining out around in the world ... ?
yea where can i get a light saber ?
ok i want a light saber and a real one like in the movie not a toy and i find one cheap and it has to be red Go into space .
Ebay : ) walmart I have n't been out clubbing before , could someone tell me how it all works ?
I have a general idea , but I 'm going out to a club for the first time this weekend and am quite nervous .
just to get an idea of how everything is done would make me feel better , like how to buy your drinks , putting it on a tab , how to get to the club , do we take a cab or train ?
any tips and advice , anything I need to make sure to do or remember .
any information at all would be great : ) I said cab or train because I do not want to drink drive ...
I understand how you can feel really nervous !
It 's whole different experience and a lot of people can get very drunk and rowdy !
First things first , like the others have said , is organise your ride .
Public transport can be pretty rowdy late at night , so you may like to take the train into town and catch a cab home .
Talk to your friends and see if someone is happy to be designated driver , ie. only have soft drinks and drive everyone else .
It 's nice to take turns if you go out regularly !
How to get in depends on the venues .
All places will have security on the door who will check your ID - even if you look like you 're 40 they will still check your ID in some places !
Nightclubs typically have a cover charge that you pay on entry , usually $ 5 - 25 depending of the establishment , and they 'll stamp your wrist to mark you 've paid .
Pubs do n't usually have a door fee , unless they are playing live music or have some sort of local fundraiser .
Some more exclusive places will have a guest list and if you 're not on that list , you simply wo n't get in !
That said , some nightclubs will allow groups to create their own guests lists and the people on that guest list will get discounted entry .
To buy a drink , decide what you 'd like and order it at the bar .
Be prepared to yell if the place is noisy !
More often than not , tabs are n't necessary .
If you 've planned a private event or hosting a party at a club then you might like to open a tab , but be warned - the expectation is that -- you -- will pay for every thing that gets put on that tab !
Not all places will do a tab , so it 's best check before arriving .
To open a tab , ask the bartender to open a tab and they will ask for your credit card as security .
When you 're ready to leave , ask the bartender to close the tab , check the receipt ( ALWAYS check - mistakes do happen ! )
and pay , either with the card you lent them or another method .
Some places also have a policy where they will charge the card if the tab reaches a certain amount - for example if the tab exceeds $ 500 , the nightclub will process the $ 500 transaction and continue taking your orders , so you 'll just have to pay the remainder when you leave .
A really important part is looking out for yourself and your friends .
As Earl said , never leave your drink unattended , sadly not everyone is out to look after you .
If a stranger offers to buy you a drink , you can decline or accept , but if you accept follow them to the bar and watch your drink being poured , and take it from the counter yourself !
It is sad , but in nightclubs you really ca n't trust strangers until they 're not strangers anymore .
Count your drinks !
It 's easy to drink a lot when you 're having fun with friends , but do n't drink more than you feel is good for you .
Most of all , have fun ! !
The whole venue is there for you and your friends !
Get on the dance floor and move about , it does n't matter how !
Also , keep in mind there are many different types of places you can try .
If you get home this weekend and find going out is not your ' cup of tea ' , do n't give up after one go .
There 's a nightclub for all music tastes , it 's just the alternative music clubs are a little harder to find .
Happy clubbing !
( Oh and PS , it has always , always been a pet hate of DJs when patrons ask for requests ! Respect the DJ and refrain ! )
:
D i 've never been to one myself but i may know a little ... .
buy your drinks from the bartender and either have them on the bar stools or on the dance floor .
not sure how tabs work , maybe someone there could help .
And why cab or train ... do n't you have a car or something ... or if not cab most likely ...
Just relax ... have fun ... and get drunk out of your mind ... .
( actually the last thing is n't such a good idea ) 1.have back up money 2.always be with at least one friend 3.look out for eath other as for drinks , cash works well .
forget tabs no what time the last train is but maybe catch the second last .
stay out of fights take id and a phone lastly have fun and drink responsibly to easy if you have any trouble talk to security or bar staff ( because they ARE responible for your saftey in the court of law ) I am currently a housewife , do i need to file income tax as I rented out a condo which under my name n husband ?
We are both Singapore citizen n pr. Husband working And I m not working .
Rental received $ 4900 per month .
Any allowance in agency fees , mortgage interesrt , maintaince expenses ?
Thank you do n't you file married joint tax returns and combine all your income ?
dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgK97P0CSNeqt.dL0EB5urQXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110615074222AAf8k4J dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgK97P0CSNeqt.dL0EB5urQXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110615074222AAf8k4J dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgK97P0CSNeqt.dL0EB5urQXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110615074222AAf8k4J dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AirX8Iy8TxLm8gOOZHO3XEIXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110615080644AA7Hlh0 dining out around in the world ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AirX8Iy8TxLm8gOOZHO3XEIXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110615080644AA7Hlh0 And you 're question is ?
local business in vietnam ... ?
http://br.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Am8eZM__IIHdJPmUauJyj5IXNH1G;_ylv=3?qid=20110615140432AAOGhs1 How to get rid of Ladybug Phobia ?
When i was in pre-school I remembering playing on one of those things that spin around with like five people on it .
When my friends and I were on it a red ladybug flew onto the bar next to my hand .
But I 've always been scared since .
What should I do to get ober it ?
I also dislike butterflies and calipiters .
And yes I know a calipliter turns into a butterfly .
I would start by holding a death one , I supposed you would not be scared of a dead insect .
once you see one close by , you will notice that they are actually cute .
If you feel comfortable with it , you may ask somebody to hold a live one close to you , it should not be difficult to start feeling more comfortable with it .
I do that with my kids , once they see that the critters I am holding do n't do anything , they feel more comfortable and now they are n't scared of almost anything .
By realizing that ladybugs are probably the least harmful insect on the planet ... you could live in Australia which is filled with poisonous tarantulas or the middle east with scorpions ... where can a white boy go that is 12 years old , to find a black girl ?
i am a white boy that is 12 years old , and i love black girls , but i just do n't no if they like white boys if a black girl like white guys hit me up .
you will likely get beat up venturing into the ' hood How can I check my Halifax banking count ?
sort code 110001 account number 07505128 u have to set up internet banking ... .
with the bank where the account is at ... ... .
Go to any Atm of hte bank you deal with and look for account activity .
In addition , why wouldyou post your account number for the public to see , a good way to have your account hacked into .
I stongly suggest you go to a branch and have the account number changed , or closed and open an other one First - why is this question under Dining Out ?
Second - why are you giving me the opportunity to access your account ?
Contact your Bank asap and let them them know that you have posted your account and sort code details on the web !
how to find a girlfriend in perth ?
Hi every one this is a long time that I am looking a girlfriend but I cant .
who can tell wich way is the easiest .
I tryed a lot through site but it does not work .
thanks for helping guys .
Stop playing WOW .
Does the restaraunt Isaac 's drug test ?
It would be an exception if they did n't .
They are particular about that and food .
nope ANSWER THIS QUESTION ?
I 'm just trying to see how many answers I can get Mike Chang ?
What Question I tried that once but as * holes would n't help me lol Good luck .
Dining suggestions in the City / Valley area in Brisbane ?
I have n't seen my boyfriend in over two months . .
we met in England and I had to leave when my visa expired .
He is moving over here and is arriving this Saturday .
I want to book or plan a romantic dinner and drinks on the Saturday night for us but need suggestions as to where to go !
Somewhere chilled out but nice . .
and we will probably be keen for a few drinks as well .
Thanks guys great suggestions , I am looking for more specific restaurant / bars to go to I guess .
Anyone been anywhere good they can recommend ?
Check it out and choose for yourself !
http://www.ourbrisbane.com/food-and-drink Valley , anything in the main drag - there is heaps of Chinese or Korean or Japanese .
Try down New Farm way too .
Over at Southbank there is a Greek one and Decks is ok - not brilliant but nice , or CBD is nice too ...
City , Pancake Manor is pretty cheap but a thought , anything in the Casino , Eagle St area ?
there are some nice restaurants in south bank Are Satan 's Cavalry MCC still in Victoria ?
I am trying to find out if Satan 's Cavalry MCC is still operating in Gippsland Victoria Sorry , dont know where they `` dine out '' - you may like to try another category !
Good Crepes In Paris ?
What restaurant would you recommend for eating crepes in Paris ?
Everywhere bro , everywhere .
Street vendors , cafes .
Theyre all good : ) The best places are seriously street vendors .
They know how to make them quick and make them delicious .
Another really great dessert to buy from a street vendor is a gaufre I have to agree with the rest of the crowd .
Street vendors are the best .
How much would I have to pay for custom duties & tax in Ireland , Dublin to import if I buy a mobile on ebay ?
I want to buy a mobile on ebay in the EU & USA.For example I want to buy a mobile for 80 incl.delivery charge from ebay but I have to export it from usa or eu country 's to get in Ireland , Dublin.How much will it be for the taxing and custom duties also if any other things I need to pay.How would I calculate that.IF ANY LINK PLEASE PUT IT ON THIS AND THANK YOU please speak english ginger .
When does A&W open and close in winnipeg ?
6 Call the store ?
why does france want ireland to raise its 12.5 orporation tax rate ?
because france has a higher rate , and feels ireland has an unfair advantage as far as foreign direct inverstment .
The french have always been in favour of harmonising the corporate tax rate right across the EU .
Do I need to pay custom duty on my shipment ?
I had ordered a pair of nike shoes from a store in Germany worth 132 Euros to India and I realized that I have ordered a wrong size and I need to return the shoes back to Germany so I just wan na know that Do I have to pay custom duty in Germany considering the fact that custm duty is only paid when you make a transaction but in my case I am just returning the shoes since I ordered a wrong size.Thanks Actually it was n't company 's fault , I ordered a wrong size u need to atach a copy of the receipt that whe nu bought the shoes submit that copy and mention as refusal order for not matching your foot size and there wo n't be any charges applied to you How much is a dinner in Pizza Delight ?
I just wanted to know .
Its for 6 people .
And I 'm in Nova Scotia , Canada .
The people eat normaly .
$ 50 - $ 75 What is the meaning of `` ค.ß.g . ''
?
I ca n't take a day off from this site without missing something .
ค.ß.g .
It got cut off for some reason .
I stands for Anti Bears Gang .
It means you hate the Chicago Bears .
Me , K - Dawg , Brett Favre , & GTAP all have it .
It started with a.l.g .
That was anti Lions gang .
Now it 's ค.ß.g .
That 's for anti Bears gang .
Do n't worry .
I did n't know what it meant either .
Anti Bears Gang
I would join but I hate the Lions more hence my part in the `` Anti Lions '' gang Are Nintendo DS Lites Edible ?
I 'm Thinking About Eating Mine Because I Just Got A Nintendo DSi .
I 'm Real Angry At My DS Because I Keep Getting Killed In Pokemon White , And I Keep Finishing Dead Last In Mario Kart .
I Think I Might As Well Eat It .
Anything is edible if you chew it hard enuff !
Naw , DSis taste way better .
Keep the DS Lite and get a 3DS .
The 3DS will have all the stuff the DSi has and moar !
Plus you 'll have the DS Lite for GBA games and such !
No , I bit the top off mine and it did n't taste very good .
no Is Haitian cuisine basically the same or similar to French cuisine ?
I know that Haiti used to be a French colony and as of today , it is the only country in the entire Americas that uses French as its official language , so I was wondering if perhaps Haiti and France also share similarity in their food ?
Has anybody ever tasted Haitian culinary ?
What about the overall taste / impression , spices / herbs , ingredients , the use of wine / alcohol , cooking method etc ?
Is it similar to French 's ?
Because I love French cuisine so I was wondering if I would also love Haitian cuisine as much as I love French 's .
Thank you in advance .
Can anybody give me more detailed answers , please ?
If you have ever tasted Haitian ( or any French Caribbean ) cuisine , how would you describe it compared to French cuisine ?
Is it perhaps heavier / stronger , or perhaps more spicy , or more creamy / milky / coconutty , or sweeter / more sour / saltier , or more oily , or more meat & fish , or ( conversely ) more vegetables etc ?
I mean : how is the overall / general characteristic of Haitian food / cooking ?
If you feel that Haitian and French cuisine are totally different , which other countries / regions whose cuisine / food would you say is the closest with the Haitian 's in terms of taste ?
( I suspect any of the Caribbean / Latin American countries would fit that description . )
Not really . .
Absolutely not .
What do i get paid after tax 's ?
Yes hello everyone , I live in wwestern washington state .
( PIERCE COUNTY WA . )
AAnd our minum rage here currently is $ 8.46 .
And I was just curious , let 's say my net pay every two weeks 346 $ I am HIGHLY curious of what my gross pay would be after my net amount .
Please bek as percise as possible okay my hommie 's .
Thanks again friends .
Your pal JAKE Your net pay is what you get after taxes and any other deductions are subtracted from your gross pay , so if you get $ 346 that is your take - home pay .
Whats that shop in Tea Tree Plaza called ?
There is this shop in tea tree plaza ( adelaide ) and im not sure what its called .
It has this big wizzard thing on the frount of the shop and it sells like some american stuff .
Can you help me and tell me what the shop is called .
Unfortunetly , I do n't live in Adelaide ( lol ) , I live in Sydney .
BUT , hopefully this website can help you out .
It 's a list of all the stores in Tea Tree Plaza .
http://westfield.com.au/teatreeplaza/directory/search/store
It might take you a while , but it 's the best I can get , goodluck : ) a big wizard ?
the only one i can think of that had anything like Fellas Gifts ?
But they closed down ...
unless you mean the sweet shop Blackebys Old Sweet Shop ?
What does the shop sell ... a little more specific then ' american stuff ' : - P Can anyone suggest a classy restaurant in Palermo Sicily ?
The price is not an issue . ?
It is my girlfriends birthday soon and we are celebrating it in Palermo in Sicily .
None of us has ever been there before .
Would appreciate a good suggestion for a nice and cozy / cultural restaurant there .
Any other suggestions on activities there for her birthday is also very appreciated .
Many thanks http://www.seepalermo.com/restaurants.htm Personally I like street food or deli aranchini are a specialty of Sicily you can always get some favorite cold cuts olives and fresh baked bread and go have a nice picnic too dove si mangia sushi dopo le 2 di notte a milano ?
possibilmente buono ... grazie a tutti http://www.eat-sushi.net/guide-to-milan / Who do the people of Ireland owe money to ?
Why does so much of our taxes leave Ireland ?
Do we owe other European governments or over shore banks ?
Who borrowed money from who in the first place ?
I would be very grateful for an answer that could shed some light on this for me .
The money owed by the Government was borrowed because they did n't balance the budget .
In other words they spent more than they raised in Taxes , so the shortfall was made up by borrowing money .
Governments usually do this by issuing some kind of guaranteed bond , ( In Britain it is Gilt edged Securities ) but when they do this they pay back an interest on those loans and also when the Bond matures they pay back the principle .
Most of these bonds are bought by wealthy individuals or financial bodies like Pension funds or Insurance Funds .
Ireland 's problem was that it borrowed in the good times not just the hard times , in the good times ( and Britain 's problems are similar ) Governments should be paying back from the lean periods , and keeping spending within the Tax receipts .
Britain has less of a problem because we are not in the Euro , hence the £ went down in value .
Another problem both Britain and Ireland ( and Greece , Portugal , and Spain ) is that the Balance of payments is in deficit this means we are importing more than we export .
In Britain 's case the £ going down has helped Exports , so our balance of payments has reduced but also this means Tax receipts ( via VAT ) on home produced goods has gone up , which helps to pay the interest on the Government loans and the principle when this occurs .
However Ireland is stuck with the Euro , and this has restricted its ability to get itself out of the predicament as swiftly .
Who do you owe money to overseas investors that put money into Irish projects , but mainly the Irish Public themselves and pension funds , insurance companies , but also the IMF and to a small extent Britain , however that is complicated by the fact that so many Irish worked in Britain for so long so monies are tied up both ways .
As Britain also owes Ireland monies although on a much lesser scale due to population sizes , and the large size of the Irish popualtion in Britain .
It is both complicated and simple at one and the same time .
Ireland I think has handled their situation much better because although you could accuse the Politicians of getting carried away , they still kept within containable boundaries , and you have squeezed yourself enough to fit the new sized money corset we are all having to get used to wearing .
Greece is a dead duck unless it comes out of the Euro , however Ireland is n't out of the woods yet , because of the Euro , but it has kept its eye on the ball and has a good chance of coming through .
where to take my fiancee for a beautiful dinner nite in vadodara . . ?
its my fiancee 's birthday .
n i want to make it special for her .
i m new in vadodara , so i dont know any beautiful n romantic places .
so kindly help me . .
please tell me wer i can take my fiancee for a romantic dinner and spend quality time with her . .
a romantic place , . .
In the Rotating Tower of the city .
The sea will look like rotating from inside .
I too dont know much places in baroda but one good place where you can take her is ajwa garden which is 7 to 8 km away from baroda .
Evening time will be good there .
For dinner you will have to make one round in good areas of baroda coz i am not knowng much about it as i am not from baroda .
Anyways have a nice day with her .
All the Best .
Is it okay if I watch kids bathe ?
their dogs ?
I 'm not very good at giving my dog a bath .
I thought they could give me a few helpful hints if I just watched them .
I knew about baths before it went mainstream .
Indian Resaurant in Bali or Restaurant that have indian food on its menu ?
Hi , i 'm in Bali right now for the next 2 weeks , i am planning to have some dinner at restaurant that providing an indian food .
It would be nice if there is any `` real '' indian restaurant with maybe indian dance performance or music .
My girlfriend love it very much :
D .
Thanks for your help and advice : ) Hi there . .
I suggest you to try Queens of India at kartika , if you stay around Kuta beach , or Queens Tandoor , located near made 's warung in seminyak .
Both are the same food quality and trully indian restaurant with movie ( big screen ) and music .
There is also near bemo corner , Gateway of india , but i dont know , i never try it . .
also it is a bit small ( really small ) place / restaurant i guess .
Taal is a nice Indian restaurant .
Me vote for Queens Tandoor at Seminyak , simply the best !
trully indian resto .
Famous but with a comparable price .
And as you wish , the atmosphere is very romatic with indian song .
Regards If my plane is scheduled to leave Cork at 6pm , should I risk dining out at 5:20pm ?
You should probably dine out no later than 4:30pm , because you will need time to find your correct flight .
The plane will be ready to leave before 6pm .
I would not ... especially considering that if your flight leaves at 6PM , you should already be seated on your flight at 5:20 .
DEFINITELY NOT ARE YOU CRAZY YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 1H EARLY ! ! ! ! ! !
When dining out in Ireland should I feed some fried chicken to the birds by my table ?
Fried chicken would be unhealthy for the birds .
I 'm pretty sure feeding chicken to birds is not a good idea .
Hahah weird question . .
but I 'm I 've seen people do it ... would n't say it 's good for them ... and if you do , they 'll bug you for more Would it be polite of me to stop dining out in Waterford with my girlfriend and go home with a group of girls ?
Leaving your girlfriend alone to go home with a group of girls would be rude and disrespectful .
If the girls are your friends or family though , then your girlfriend and you could maybe both go have fun with them .
What would be bad but realistic things to have in your back pants pocket while sit and dine out in Galway ?
a nail , a frog , a whoopee cushion , or a bottle of glue Whoopee cushion .
If I 'm dining out in Limerick , should I be polite to Irish people who are nicely there ?
People should be polite everywhere .
what are the pizza huts buffet hours in calgary alberta ?
THANKSSS Call them ( 403 ) 310 - 1010 Does mortgage include GST ?
No How much does food cost in Rome ?
I 'm off to Italy next week and am trying to work out a budget .
We will spent 4 nights in Rome and 3 on Ischia .
I 'd really appreciate if anyone knows the rough cost of a meal in a restaurant in Rome ( or Ischia if you 've been ) ?
Thank you !
1 - 10 Fruit 6 - 19 Bread ETC. .
21 - 50 Meat If I were going to Rome , food prices wouldnt matter ... ... . .
It 's Rome .
Go kiss the Pope .
Enjoy yourself .
The food is in Euros not in US Dollars just s you know , and the food would be : bread probably like 2 euros , meat 1 pound like 2 and half or three euros , soda , is you buy buy 2 litter bottles probably like 2 euros , a pizza ( baked from and restaurant or a pizzeria ) about 15 euros , so things are n't very cheap there , but the city is nice .
Got ta wonder ...
What will be the stakes for the epic CHI - DET MNF game ?
This whole battle is all leading up to the game on Monday , October 10th ...
Obviously bragging rights will be up for grabs ...
But what else ?
It has to be something HUGE involving the entire ค.ß.g .
vs. the entire ค.ℓ.g ... .
Any ideas ?
Losing team has to post real pictures of themselves .
I have an idea .
The Bears fans just gives up know and I 'll promise not to taunt them too much when we beat them by 25 .
I do n't know Shipping CDs as invitations to Mexico . .
they want to charge me tax ?
Hello !
My fianc and I created some unique invitations for our wedding .
They are a cardboard / paper sleeve that fits a CD .
It 's actually more of a DVD - R , which we burned some home videos onto .
We called UPS to get an estimate about how much it would cost to send them to Mexico ( sending them regularly in the mail would take too long to get there , based on experience ) , and they told us it depends on how much tax Mexico decides to charge for the CD 's .
Does this make sense ? ?
The charge something they do once it gets to Mexico , so I 'm guessing it 's customs or one of those divisions .
If I do n't tell them that there are CD 's in the invitations ( the CD 's will be inside the invitation , which will be inside individual envelopes , which will be inside the shipping envelope ) , will they check ?
It just seems ridiculous to be charged for that , these are n't even like music CD 's or anything imported to sell or as gifts , they 're just personal items .
Basically I just want to find out if there 's anything I can do , or any way to avoid this charge .
I 'm calling FedEx and DHL as well , but if it 's customs then I assume it will be the same thing .
It 's a customs thing , if you fill out the air bill and ( you may need a Commercial Invoice ) completely giving a good description of what the CD is for and what 's on it , you may not be charged taxes .
But this is entirely dependent on what customs agent clears your letters .
Customs is looking for things that can be resold on the street and they want ( like every good government ) to ensure that they get their share of the profits .
FYI If you lie on the air bill and customs catches it , odds are they 'll destroy your invitations and no one will know about your wedding .
have you marked them as having 0 $ value ?
Send emails I guess , a youtube invitation Does jimmy buffet visit his margaritaville restuarants ?
I love jimmy buffett very much and just saw him a few weeks ago in Camden , NJ. .
now I am taking a trip to Canada and going to Margaritaville in Niagara Falls and he has a concert on the 16th in Toronto , do you think he will be at Margaritaville ?
I want to see him ! !
you mite get lucky and see him hope for the best HAVE FUN Clubbing / Pub / Night Club ?
how is it ?
i 'm not old enough yet , but in a year i am . .
so me and a bunch of my friends wan na go clubbing ya know , so wat should i expect there ?
anything important i should remember or bring when going there ?
how 's your experience in clubs ?
Personally I prefer bars , because you have music but also places to sit down if you want .
Night clubs are ok but it 's about finding the right ones with the type of music you like .
They usually charge an entrance fee but bars do n't tend too .
Pubs are ok but me and my friends usually go in for a drink before we go into town .
Always stick together with friends and try not to accept any drinks from strangers because they can spike it .
If you go to the loo , take a friend to hold your drink and stand outside .
Always save a portion of your money to pay for a taxi to get home after wards and make sure you get a taxi with your friends and no - one else !
But do n't worry too much and have a great time .
You can expect lots of loud music and people to chat too really .
CLUBBING A cute girly place for birthday party ?
My 5 year old cousin sis 's birthday party is coming up soon .
I need a good place in Chandigarh for celebrations ... .
Pizza Hut n KFC there are booked ... .
we need a good party hall , not in the open .
Should not be disco - type - place .
Can be in Panchkula or Mohali also ... .
pls .
help ! ! !
gosh you are trying to kill her ?
KFC and Pizza hut ? ? ?
YIKES ... cholestrol calorie city ... yuck
cook some good food and have a picnic in the backyard or at the park .
If not in the open then go to a vegetarian option or something healthier EWW ! !
You like Pizza Hut and KFC ! ? ! ? ! ! ?
Take her to Mcdonald man !
Try the indian takeway Is it normal to do mouth things to girl 's feet ?
You know ... like kissing , licking , sucking , a lil bites her foot fingers .
My girlfriend is asian , and her skin is so bright , soft and clean .
And her feet n fingers are small n yummy
Is normal if i usually ejaculate on it ?
Yep , that 's normal .
Unless , you ejaculate first on them , then do the mouth things .
Then , I 'd get to wondering about you .
: ) yup yup , completely normal - foot fetishes are pretty common As long as you 're not actually eating her feet , then it 's fine .
Last time I ate somebody 's foot , I got arrested .
It 's also normal to do foot things to girl 's mouths .
anyone knows about old lakorn actors , tam tonnawanich ?
i heard hes die 15 years ago .
so sad , cause he was famous with his old lakorn ( thai drama ) with chamaiporn jaturaput and suthita ketanon .
i dont know the tittle of that lakorn .
can someone help me find out the tittle of that lakorn .
thanks That tomorrow will be better , you are all well .
What 's something fun to do while dressed up all fancy ?
I 'm having a sleepover with a friend and recently i bought myself a new fancy dress from le chateux
http://www.lechateau.com/style/browse/shopByLooksChildCat.jsp?category=category%3Acat220125&categoryId=catdressshop434
it 's basically the same style dress as that one , except it 's purple on top and the length is a turquoise green colour .
We want to get dressed up and go somewhere and do something , we just do n't know what to do !
Any thoughts / ideas ?
We 're 16/17 though so we ca n't go to a bar or anything like that .
Are there any under 21 bars or clubs in your area ?
You could go out to dinner at a nicer restaurant if you have the money .
You could go for dinner : ) japaneese village steak house to start ... ... then go to churchill square and look at our concrete park ... . .
How much ( percentage % ) of my New Zealand tax will I get back ?
I was given an estimation recently and it was absolutely ridiculous !
4 % ( 20f which goes to my accountant ) .
Why do they keep so much of it ?
I 'm not a citizen or permanent resident .
I have left the country and wo n't be returning so it 's not like I get to reap the benefits of what my tax dollars have paid for .
When I claimed tax back from Australia , I got about 600f my money back ( after paying the accountant 's fees ) .
Why are they so stingy ?
I 'm just wondering if this is normal or has a mistake been made with my tax claim .
Bay of Plenty - I take it you 're a kiwi then ?
As I mentioned before , i 'm not a citizen or permanent resident .
I 'd have thought different rules apply when you leave the country .
There is a company called Taxback.com .
They claim that the average refund for people who where on a one year working holiday , is $ 550 .
My return is like $ 50 .
Normal .
I would just stop whining about it
EDIT :
Hahaha , oh wow that sucks .
And yeah .
And i would n't listen to wabby either , she 's good at making presumptions Do n't listen to Bay of Plenty , I doubt she 's ever worked a day in her life or attempted to get her tax back ( she 's still at high school and very immature at that ) .
Unfortunately , you 're unlike to get much tax back unless you 're still in school or you have just finished .
Do n't use any tax companies .
There have been reports that these companies are n't giving accurate reports of what you should get back
You can ring IRD ( although if you 're not in New Zealand this will not be a toll free call ) .
Your estimate is probably correct .
My brother got $ 300 back and he earned over $ 15,000 and he 'd just left high school .
I have n't tried to see if I will get a refund .
A lot of people wo n't get a refund and have to pay money back .
I do n't think the New Zealand government are stingy .
If you do n't get much back , it means that you were being taxed at the correct rate throughout the year .
In Australia you were probably being taxed too high , which is why you got so much back .
... .
Do any hotels in the republic of Ireland have self catering in their rooms ?
Or do you mostly have to avail of room service and or the hotel restaurant ?
No , normally it 's a small kettle , 2/3 teacups , saucers , spoons , sachets of coffee , teabags , sugar and little uht milks .
You can get all these refilled .
Sometimes there 's 2/3 little biscuits , but generally just the tea & coffee .
No microwave , fridge .
Some hotels have fridges , they will state this on their brochure / website , its not usual though .
Not all hotels have room service either , but generally all have good restaurants .
There are many self catering hotels / apartments on hotel sites that include use of the hotel , but hotels themselves only have the above facilities .
some do but nearly all have kettle , microwave etc nearly all the top hotels wont have self catering but if you look around you are sure to find a nice hotel with self catering have to avail of room service and or the hotel restaurant Oi Oi Dining out in Milano ?
hi ya ep ... .
hows it going 7etta talyani aheh http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zuylllS12c
enjoy S , lo cenare fuori ogni sera !
Amo questo posto nuovo !
@ EP :
Whoever said I 'm using Google Translate ? ?
You never trust people do you ?
C ' e ' una brava restaurant nel sud di Milano . .
Una pizzeria piccola ... si chiama franco & Cuantos Aos Tiene Ella o El ?
o_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O no se . .
aun no lo conozco O_O
ahaha
xD
What is the top 10 of the best restaurants of Brazil ?
Let us start with a quote from Lonely Planet Brazil : `` In Brazil , eating is , like so many other things , another pretext for pleasure taking . There is no such thing as Brazilian haute cuisine per se , but the food tastes good almost anywhere you go . ''
We agree .
Travelers in Brazil will find plenty of nice street food , fast food corners , coffee bars offering fried and filled pastries , pay - by - weight buffet restaurants , pizzerias and grill restaurants , but demanding food lovers that are looking for sophisticated restaurants might find themselves a little disappointed .
Despite the abundance of natural products , gastronomy in Brazil is behind the culinary level of neighboring countries like Chile and Argentina .
Yes , São Paulo does offer sophisticated looking restaurants with beautiful architecture and well dressed servants and guests , sometimes run by a cook that has been on tv , and these are the ideal places to impress the people that you invite for dinner .
But most impressive about the menu are the high prizes , as the plates are full of good food , but rarely haute cuisine according European cooking philosophy .
You can however enjoy regional food when crossing Brazil , which can be different from anything you ever had , and that is what we recommend to demanding food lovers to go after .
What are the best tasting french fries in Ireland ( in your opinion ) ?
Local chippers or supermacs :
L What is the best restaurant in Duisburg ?
here is the website
http://www.im-schiffchen.com / What are some decent dining spots near Vienna ?
Vienna , VA - Da Domenico across the street from Tyson 's Corner Mall http://www.dadomenicova.com / , or there 's an Afghan place called Panjshir II that I like a lot - especially the almond pudding with pistachio and cardamom for dessert .
Vienna , Austria :
Figlmueller ( closed for vacation right now ) .
Steirereck http://steirereck.at/wien/restaurant / Plachutta http://www.plachutta.at/index.php?id=25
Actually there are a ton of good restaurants in either place if you visit .
For late night in Vienna , VA , try the Amphora .
What is a Big Mac called at any French location of McDonalds ?
`` La Big Mac '' Royal with cheese http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLtwFugudZE Which french fries are your favorite ( french fries from a restaurant ) ?
Burger King !
mcdonalds !
What is your favorite Burger ( Yes France has McDonalds etc ) ?
Whopper Big mac , duh : ) What is your favorite milkshake ( from which international fast food company ) ?
chocklate flavor Dining out in Milan :
What is the one trait you wish you had ?
@ EP :
LOL are you asking me to report your answer wala eh ya3ni ? !
haha @ Nemo and Mostafa :
Ana aslana khalas keda nategty daaaaa3et .
Rabina yostor ! !
* glares at EP * Your studying abilities wel kodra el gabara bta3tek 3ala el 23da wel mozkra :
P
niahahahahahahahhaha el 3azeema wel erada - .
- asl ana daye3 bsara7a bakasel a3mel ay 7aga Patience , i hate waiting ... except for the exam results obviously i do n't want to know it .
Edit :
I agree with EP about your studying skills : ) rabena yostor 3al natiga bta3tek enti kaman :
D Dining out in Milan :
El marwa7a wl takeef bayezeeen ?
Ana 7asa eny hamoot ! ! !
el takeef bayez , so 3aysha 3al marwa7a , delwa2ty el sett kanet betnadaf , w tafayaha , ro7t ashaghalha , mabteshtaghalsh ! !
the on button bynawar enama the actual fan does n't work ! !
: ( : ( tayeb eshta ana b2aly 3 months mn gheir takeef aslan ( im at my grandmothers w hya dedd el takeef ) bas el maraw7a kaman ? ! 7ARAAAAAAAAAAAAAM ) Ana law menek a3eesh ta7t el dosh . Wel 3ayz yed5ol el 7amam yetsaraf w ysala7 el takeef .
Law el moshkela fel fuse bta3 el takeef teb2a baseta .
No problem . .
oh boy ! !
inty izzay 3aysha :
O hina lazim el AC f kol 7itta , we ca n't live without it . .
bas 3ashan hina daraget el 7arara bet3addy el 50 f 2a3 ' lab el 2aw2at :
D ana hina fel beit freeeezzziiinnnggg , brrrr .
hahahah ta5dy showayet howa :
D
@ L.B : hahaha 35 here is spring :
D really , the summer here is killing but it 's 3ady , cus we have ACs every where what is worse , is when it 's humid or dusty . .
that 's what i hate the most What is the best place to dine in , in the town of Nantes France ?
Honeywell Security Application for I - Phone Honeywell 56 videos Subscribe .
...
Phone Apps .
by tacr12 .
82 views * .
0:58 .
Add to .
Added to queue Total . .
What is one of your favorite Swiss restaurants ?
Since you have n't got any answers on this one yet , some of the best Swiss restaurants are in the upscale hotels .
However , since you asked for a favorite place , the Cafe du Soleil in Geneva is one of my favorite places for the fondue .
http://www.cafedusoleil.ch / Are there any fast food restaurants in Switzerland at all ?
NO , last time I was there , 1976 , there were none !
:-) does irish revenue have access to northern ireland bank accounts ?
i am getting a lot of cash these days in my Business so i not want bank it as i had declare it and if not and revenue audits me it can be traced but i thinking of banking it in northern ireland bank account i know that they get access to you accounts in northern ireland only if they know you have one and the most way they find out is by transfers from banks in South h to north as this would be CASE h thee would be no traceable and there not in the Fortune telling Business how would they know i know they go with the paper trail so do they automatically get south bank details in north are the allow access to them do they need prove account exists first from there side and it it was all cash they could not trace me in south is thayt correct i would not be lodging large sums in one time maybe 500 pounds per week not thousands
If you put a significant amount of money into a U.K. bank account from an unkknown source it will automatically flag you up as a suspicious character .
You account will be tracked .
The U.K. and Irish Authorites do n't hesitate to co-operate of issues of possible criminality , as do their banks .
Once you exceed certain lodgement amounts , whether annually or in one go , suspicious transaction reports ( STR ) are generated and the authorities are obliged to be notified by the financial institutions .
This applies in the UK and Ireland and yes they cooperate under Mutual assistance agreements as do all EU countries .
There is no real hiding place for significant amounts of cash other than under your mattress .
One off amounts as you describe would not give rise to STR 's being generated however regular lodgement of this kind may annually give rise to an STR being sent to the authorities .
However , there is one good note for you in that how the authorities use an STR is still up in the air and although they may know you have this money , the question is how they inform you of this .
This is a huge issue for the authorities as data protection issues arise .
However , I would like rely on this aspect to successfully evade tax .
Thanks
Tax Doctor best romantic restaraunt in calgary ?
what is the best romantic restaraunt in calgary ?
its me and my boyfriends 5th year anniversary together peter 's drive in Why am I not a walrus ?
So , I 've been wondering for a while now .
It has now been many sleepless nights and it 's driving me insane .
associated press and la times members not elected by the people .
see though free speech constitution rule still applies makes better .
as to poster saying things about others doing work maybe certain elections agencies demanding proof of citizenship can also man up and look at these points .
you ones whic issue voting cards proving right to vote every election .
because you do n't have tusks .
why am i not a giraffe ?
ive been wondering since i was 3 , why the hell not ? ! ? ! ?
If you eat yourself , will you get bigger or disappear completely ?
Always wondered .
mhhhm On the airline safety regulations with the oil crisis of 1970 ' s what can be done to mitigate that was vote for the green party and also elect media personnel in federal elections .
right now cnn , new york times , reuters , associated press and la times members not elected by the people .
see though free speech constitution rule still applies makes better .
as to poster saying things about others doing work maybe certain elections agencies demanding proof of citizenship can also man up and look at these points .
you ones whic issue voting cards proving right to vote every election .
I think disappear ... since u ate urself ...
But how wood u kno cuz u wood b dead .
You 'd disappear into Wonderland with Alice .
Pipe tobacco custom duty into spain from the uk ?
I 'm trying to buy pipe tobacco from the UK and have it shipped to spain for my personal use .
What are the custom duties ?
I think you are exempt up to 200gr .
Does this sound like a possibility for you in fantasy ?
You drafting a player that you know that another guy wants and would be willing to trade for him , so after the draft , you and the other guy work out a deal so you fill in any voids and the other guy gets his player .
How likely is it that you will do this ?
I 'm just trying to think of what other people might do in the draft , I want to prepare myself for everything and anything .
Yea I 've done it before .
Maybe after the 5th round .
Dining out in Milan : ento msh hena leih ?
besara7a ana msh tay2a el Egypt section 3lshan el reporting wl trolls elly henak ... so if you dont mind kol as2etly hateb2a hena :
D
Meen Sireen de ?
:
D new member that i missed out on wala eh ?
She answered one of my questions in this section which is why ana estaghrabt . .
Bc Idk I forget to ever come here and when I did it 's like dead .
The Egy section is a lil more active oddly enough Shahirah mashallah ayma bel wageb - .
-
And Sireen idk who that is .
3shan lazem n ask questions 3shan ne5ali el section active wana bsara7a out of mood 5ales b2ali kam youm , laken fel section el tany 3andena shahira msa m5aleya el section active 3ala a5ro w kaman bafsh 3 ' eli feha bel mara , hya ah bte3raf te3mel delete lel answers bta3etna f a2al men 5 minutes bas bakon fashat 3 ' eli 5alas :
D bossy ya setty . .
ana fi ayam el madrasa 2a3adt 2a2ol lama tegey el 2agaza ha3mil kaza w kaza w kaza . .
w kanit minhom ha23od 3ala Y !
A . .
bas laman gat el agaza maba2ash leyya nefs l 2ay 7aga ! !
fa inty is2aly . .
w ana b 2izn ellah hagaweb :
D
bil nisba l Sireen , i really donno : ) How do you say `` Welcome '' in Vietnamese ?
I want to make a sign on my door that says `` Welcome '' in Vietnamese language for my guests from Vietnam .
How do I say it ?
Is this a good idea ?
Welcome = chinghow Chào mừng Khách = Welcome Guests
chào mừng vị khách quý nước ngoài = Welcome Foreign Guests of Honor
chào mừng = welcome ( like to extend a welcome or extend an honor )
Just FYI all Vietnamese is written with Romanized characters .
Just do n't forget the little accent marks above the words and etc because they are very important to the meaning of the word .
Hope it helps and good luck !
You do n't .
WHAT THE FUDGENUGGETS ?
I ATE A ROCK !
WHAT DO I DO ? ! ? ! ! ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ? !
Troll .
Your not even funny and your probably like ten .
wait a few hours for the fun to begin is their coin counter in winnipeg ?
We have several here in Toronto On , at the Metro around the corner from thee is one , generally there in Grocery stores , but you may also find them in the Cheque cashing and instant loan stores to .
Examples of Gentic Modification / Engineering ?
BEST ANSWER WILL BE PICKED ! ?
What is an example of genetic modification where the organism 's own genes have been changed ?
Please quote a source .
And what is your opinion on this question .
`` Will the poor benefit from GM technology or will the developed rich countries use patents to make big profits for big companies ? ''
I will pick a best answer .
sorry i accidentally put it in the wrong category What is a Gene ?
Every plant and animal obtain their genes from their parents ; 1/2 from the female parent and 1/2 from the male parent .
Genes are made up of DNA .
Genes determine everything about a plant or animal .
For example , if you have blue eyes it is because you have the gene that determines blue eyes .
How do genes do this ?
Genes contain DNA which is the blueprint for how to make special compounds called enzymes .
Enzymes are special types of proteins that are responsible for making compounds , such as the blue pigment in blue eyes .
Thus , if you have the gene for blue eyes , then you can make the enzyme that makes the blue pigment and you will have blue eyes .
There is a gene that determines everything about every plant and animal .
What is genetic engineering and a GMO ?
Up until recently , a plant or animal could only get its genes from its parents .
However , genetic scientist , which are often called molecular biologist , have learned how to take genes out of one organism and put them in another organism .
So now genetic scientist can change plants and animals by giving them new genes .
This is called genetic engineering , which is the manipulation of an organism 's genes .
If a plant or animal has its genes changed or if it gets new genes by genetic engineering , then it is called a genetically modified organism or GMO .
Example of a Plant That is a Genetically Modified Organism ( GMO ) There is a bacteria called Bacillus thuringiensis that causes a disease in certain types of caterpillars .
When the caterpillar comes in contact with the bacteria , its gets the disease and dies .
Genetic scientist took the gene that is responsible for the disease out of the bacteria and put the bacteria gene in a cotton plant .
So now the cotton plant contains the gene that causes the disease and when caterpillars eat the cotton leaves the caterpillars will die .
The cotton is called BT cotton .
Thus , genetic engineering is used to make BT cotton plants poisonous to caterpillars and farmers do not have to spend money to spray pesticides to kill the caterpillars .
Genetic Engineering is Very Controversial Genetic engineering is very controversial .
Why ?
Because some people believe that it is not natural and unethical for scientist to change the genes in a plant or animal .
For example , genetic engineering can make hybrids between two totally different kinds of organisms , such as the Bacillus thuringiensis bacteria and a the cotton plant .
Some people feel these kinds of genetically modified plants can be dangerous .
Others believe that genetic engineering is an excellent way to make plants grow faster or be more nutritious , so they may help prevent world hunger .
Each person has to come to their own conclusion as to whether or not they are for or against genetically modified organisms .
Cloning Plants Cloning is where cells are taken form an organism and the cells are tricked into making a duplicate organism .
The duplicate organism would be called a clone .
We have been cloning plants for centuries .
You can go in to a vegetable garden and cut the stem off a tomato plant .
If you put the tomato stem in a glass of water in the window of your kitchen , the stem will make new roots and produce a new plant .
The new plant will be a clone of the tomato plant in the garden .
If you cut - off 10 stems , then you will have 10 new tomato plants that are clones of the tomato plant in your garden .
If you used tissue culture to grow the new plants , you could produce hundreds of thousands of clones in one year .
We do this all the time with plants .
Restaurant ideas for mums 50 in christchurch ?
You 'd be the only one who knows what she 's into , so we ca n't pick the suited restaurant for you since we would be picking what we personally think is best for us but not necessarily for your mother .
Have a look at this website and see what she might like : http://www.eatout.co.nz/Christchurch/Restaurants / Restaurants in christchurch for mums 50th ?
My first plan was to take her to strawberry fare as she is a dessert person but I 've found out it 's closed down due to the earthquake .
My next idea as I would like to take her somewhere different , is a place I visited at school a few years ago .
It was one of those asian restaurants where you sit around a hot plate and watch the chef cook your food .
Does anyone know what it 's called ?
( it 's not the Tonys Japanese one ) or does anyone have any ideas on where we could go ?
Somewhere different or known for great desserts and that 's open in chirstchurch ?
Thanks for any help : ) You 'd be the only one who knows what she 's into , so we ca n't pick the suited restaurant for you since we would be picking what we personally think is best for us but not necessarily for your mother .
Have a look at this website and see what she might like : http://www.eatout.co.nz/Christchurch/Restaurants / go to the hobos in you get nice soup ch88 7ry Do you have to pay GST with stuff you buy on the internet ?
I mean buying stuff from overseas obviously ... .
I read an article that said if the stuff you bought is under $ 400 then you do n't , but the customs website is a little more confusing ( a lot ) and does n't give a clear answer , so I 'd like to hear other peoples experiences with buying things from overseas .
They are only personal items for me and wo n't be resold .
Would it help if I claimed it was a gift ?
lol This would depend on the product ( s ) and who you 're buying it from .
Personal items , i would n't think so though How awesome is this Mike Gundy soundboard ?
http://www.soundboard.com/sb/Oklahoma_coach_rant_State.aspx Look at this Favre one :
http://www.soundboard.com/sb/Brett_Favre-Impersonator.aspx It 's cool .
Buyer opened eBay case against me ?
Ok , so I put up 3 Pokemon Collectors games for $ 150 plus $ 8 shipping .
This guy asked for free shipping , I said sure .
But then he wanted it for $ 100 , I said $ 130 .
No. $ 125 ?
no. $ 115 ?
no. I said fine $ 100 .
He did n't want insurance or anything .
The lady at the Post Office gave me a package , she said `` this is best for shipping games . ''
I took note of her name which was ( deleted ) .
I also got a tracking number .
So the guy receives the games and he said they are dented and I lied .
I did n't because I have high quality 8mega pixel pictures of the games .
I took pictures from every angle and you can see they are mint .
So I said it must of happened in transit , I also uploaded the pictures to Flickr and sent them .
he does n't believe me and escalated it to ebay .
Do you think i will win ?
i am new and he wants $ 40 back .
I believe this guy is obviously just trying to get your money .
You can see it from the start how he wants free shipping , and $ 50 off .
He 's just trying to scam you , i HIGHLY doubt they are dented .
No way , do n't give him his $ 40 back .
It 's your money .
If they are dented , not your fault .
He 's out for your money !
IS LONESTAR CLOSED !
?
Hi .
im just wondering about a restaraunt located in brisbane australia .
its called lonestar .
and i recently went there .
( today actually ) .
had a sign up there closed .
i checked there website and its like everything is normal .
and to add to that i tryed to call but i got an answering mechine .
ARE THEY CLOSED FOR GOOD ?
also .
does anyone know how they make there famous chips n sause too ?
Lone Star restaurants in Queensland have closed their doors and handed their finances over to a corporate insolvency administrator .
Voluntary administrator P A Lucas and Co has been appointed for the four Lonestar restaurants including one in Aspley , with employees ' futures now uncertain .
Glenn Shannon from P A Lucas and Co said his company had been appointed as administrators for the three Lonestar restaurants in Brisbane and one on the Gold Coast .
`` We were only appointed yesterday , '' he said .
`` We 're assessing what we 're doing with the restaurants . ''
An Aspley Lone Star worker , who did not wish to be named , found out the news on Facebook after her colleagues went to work to discover the business was closed with a note to call the administrators .
Employees received no notice of the closure and are unsure whether they will receive their outstanding wages .
Sahelanthropus tchadensis Yes there are closed for good .
There are plenty of other restaurants that serve tasteless swill Do you know any PHO restaurant ( Vietnamese noodle ) in Victoria island ( Canada ) ?
In Victoria BC on Vancouver Island there are a number of Vietnamese restaurants , here is a Restaurant guide to research Umm ...
Victoria Island is in the far north of Canada -- just west of Baffin Island .
It 's only significant settlement has less than 1,500 inuit .
There are no Vietnamese restaurants on the island .
I assume you are either talking about Victoria , British Columbia -- which is a large city of nearly 300,000 people on the southern tip of Vancouver Island in the south west of British Columbia -- or Vancouver Island itself .
For Victoria , there are are a number of good Vietnamese places .
Our usual place for pho is the Pho Vy Vietnamese Restaurant .
It is right downtown ( 772 Fort St. ) and so far never had a bad meal there .
Can get somewhat busy for the lunch crowd , but great for an early dinner .
However , there are probably a good dozen other pho restaurants in Victoria .
For the rest of Vancouver island , I 'm sure you 'd find a few in Nanaimo and likely Duncan .
Cambel River has one .
Beyond that , the other cities and towns are getting rather small and you probably wo n't find much else outside these .
However , you 'd have to look through the web or yellow pages for what city or town you are visiting .
Do I have to pay imported tax with good from Singapore ?
Hello everyone .
I want to buy a watch from Singapore and they will ship it to me .
Its price is NZD 288 .
Do I have to pay imported tax when I receive it ?
Please calculate for me the final amount I have to pay ( do not include shipping fee ) .
Thank you .
Yes , very likely Does anyone know any good restaurants or beaches in Italy ?
Does n't matter where just give me the location because I 'm traveling to different parts of Italy basically all over and when I stay there I want to know places that are n't that expensive to eat at or beaches etc. When you go to Rome ( because if you go to Italy you HAVE TO go to Rome ) go to ' Gusto .
It 's a restaurant in Piazza Augusto Imperatore , in the heart of the city .
I would highly recommend ordering the Brie Pizza ( with Speck and Brie ) .
After 16 years it 's still the best thing I 've ever eaten .
There are lots of good beaches like Rimini , Riccione , Gabicce Mare , Viareggio , San Remo , ...
Some of the restaurants I like here include Da I 5 Amici in Florence ( try the Ribollita ) , La Zucca in Venice , Piadineria Le Fontanelle or Osteria de Borg in Rimini When I went to Rome a few years ago , there was this great pizza place right behind the Colosseum .
Many restaurants in Rome , I found , had their menus prominently displayed outside the restaurant .
can you translate the dessert items on this page ?
heres he link - scroll down to the deserts : http://disneyworld.disney.go.com/media/wdw_nextgen/CoreCatalog/WaltDisneyWorld/en_us/Media/InternetMediaType/Dining/SanAngelInn/san-angel-inn-menu-dinner.pdf moras con cajeta = blackberries w / caramel flan de vainilla = vanilla flan capirotada de chocolate blanco = white chocolate bread pudding helado de vainilla = vanilla ice cream chocolate caliente y churro = hot chocolate and churro As easy as using Google translate would be ...
My Spanish is pretty crappy but it looks like they do ;
Vanilla flan ( a type of puddingy thing ) Vanilla Ice cream Hot chocolate with / marshmellows / I assume .
Something with white chocolate .
And I ca n't be bothered to Google the others , you should try it .
must see restaurant 's in paris ?
what are some absolute must see restaurant 's , eating places , cafe 's etc. to see in paris ?
thanks . .
here is a site that shows all the restaurants in Paris
http://www.parismustsee.com/restaurants.php
enjoy !
If I were to open a restaurant in montreal Quebec ... ?
... what governing bodies will I need to contact for inspection ?
I am looking for the bureaus that handle construction of the restaurant , health department , and cleanliness bureaus .
The City of Montreal deals with health inspections , vendors and business licenses and permits , if your building they to area the ones to speak with , the province of Quebec handles taxation , liquor and beer licensing and they also issue the checks for the staff so tips are tracked .
Firstly if you are doing construction , the contractor will get all the permits needed , and ensure Electrical , building , HVAC and plumbing is passed by a government inspector .
The construction industry in Quebec is highly unionized , so you can be sure all workers are licensed .
You will need to apply for a liquor license , and in Quebec there are several types , EG a restaurant license ( no bar , but serves alcohol ) allows servers under 18 to be employed .
You will need to provide a blueprint to the Regie in Quebec .
( At least six months before you plan to open ) Also you will need an architect 's blueprint for the city even before you apply for permits .
Once construction is done , fire marshall will have to sign off on it as well as the Liquor Board .
In addition you will have to set up accounts with Hydro , Beer companies and food suppliers .
Depending on your background and financial situation , you may have to give a deposit to Hydro for up ton $ 15,000.00 .
You will need a business license from the city and a sales tax license from the province .
I strongly suggest you set up payroll with a payroll company , that way you are sure there are no mistakes , and the company submits the taxes to the government .
No , the government does not prepare the cheques for the employees , but a tax on about 80f sales of each employee is deducted ( declaration of tips ) .
The upside is they receive more money if they get laid off .
Contact the small business section of the Province of Quebec for information , most applications for licences can be done online How to change nail license from CA to MO ?
Help !
Please !
Sorry I Do not Know !
Hug !
Whats a good restaurant in Auckland to have an 18th ?
preferably one with hot half naked men singing happy bday ?
I 'm looking for a good place in Auckland to have an 18th dinner .
Is there one that is fun and has nice looking men to sing me Happy Birthday ?
Also in the city area as well .
Thanks The naked men you 'll need to try and get yourself .
Here : http://www.menumania.co.nz/restaurants/browse/auckland-city Boy do I have the place for you !
They do n't go shirtless , however ... we went there for a hens night and all the hot italians came and gave us all plenty of attention .
I 'm sure they would sing you happy birthday .
My partners sister ended up getting french kissed by a stranger .
It was fun !
Good italian food too , plus being 18 , you can then hit the town afterwards ! !
Have a great birthday !
http://www.ginas.co.nz / - Gina 's Italian Kitchen .
Anybody tried holiday villas in Tenerife ?
Has anybody tried renting a holiday villa in Tenerife , Canary Islands ?
I 've heard the island has got mostly holiday apartments for rent , but what about villas ?
Possible to find a villa within walking distance to the beach ?
I 've read there is only a few beaches comfortable for swimming .
Any advice welcome , many thanks !
Hi .
You are right - Tenerife has got more holiday apartments than other places such as Majorca , however you can find there lots of nice villas too , ranging from budget to luxury .
Sure you can find villas within walking distance to the beach .
Some villas are based in exotic locations such as banana plantation - take a look at villas in Tenerife here : http://www.villasintenerife.com / As for the beaches , South of Tenerife got quite a long nice sandy beach , North of Tenerife has just one beach - Las Teresitas .
Hope that helps !
The Balearic islands ( Majorca , Minorca , Eivissa and Formentera ) are probably better options if you are looking for a villa .
http://www.villasintenerife.com / this should work .
Good luck .
It 's really nice area .
Tom from http://www.saigonstay.com.vn if you could dedicate a song to Cam and Richalynn what song would it be ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpU-nLZ2aOI Rich tell me you know Ambon ? ? ?
I 'm being reported loads too Lol
Hello hey hi !
< 3
I did n't get to do it today because someone reported me .
LMAO
I do n't even remember why we started doing that haha That ! ! !
:
D Nice Restaurant In Dublin City ?
Im looking for a nice restaurant in dublin city as its a special occasion ...
Im living in Fairview with no car so easy transport or close by would have to be an issues !
Thanks In Advance : ) Hi you should try patrick guibauld 's at the merrion hotel .
great food reasonable prices .
service soso have fun xx I want to get album from USA , will there be any extra charges added on to get it sent to Ireland ?
I would like to buy an album `` Ellen Hardcastle '' by Hank Green .
It would be sent from USA .
It costs $ 13 , then it says $ 4.45 is added on for shipping internationally .
I was told that significantly more money can be added on when it 's imported into Ireland .
But apperantly it 's a bit spotty about when , why and how , since they do n't ALWAYS do it .
Does anybody know if there will be an extra charge , and how much ?
By the way , the artist is n't exactly well known .
I ca n't get it online .
And it 's not in music stores .
I think shipping costs more when it 's harder to ship it , like if the item is heavy .
But if it 's only an album , then it should only be the $ 4.45 that it says on the site .
I 've never heard of this higher shipping cost rule for Ireland .
lol Have you looked for it at a local music store ?
What about ebay ?
Amazon ?
Or , what about simply downloading it from frostwire or some other filesharing site ?
There are always other options .
can i deduct withholding tax on my advance payment for rental ?
Why would you ?
Are you employing your landlord ?
Anyone know of a good Yakitori restaurant in Calgary ?
I 'm going to Calgary next month and I 'm hoping to find a place that sells a variety of yakitori , not just the run - of - the - mill Japanese restaurant that only serves grilled chicken & leeks .
In Japan , they are all over the place , and Vancouver has a fantastic one ( Zakkushi - http://www.zakkushi.com / ) .
edo good sushi in north edmonton ?
I just came to Edmonton from BC , I am around 125 and 82nd st. I would like to go out for sushi tonight , but when sushi is bad it is usually really bad and could ruin a guys day .
Does anyone know of any good sushi joints in the area ?
Uh not a sushi place but new Asian village has amazing food and I think there 's one in the west and south not sure about north .
Does the macaroon in Laduree Paris taste better than the Laduree in London ?
I am going to paris for the weekend and then will be in LDN on monday and tuesday before flying back home on a 12 hr flight .
I know the macaroon will deteriorate and plan to freeze them .
I plan on buying a box of 8 home for my family to try .
So I would like to know if it is worth it to get it in Paris and keep it for slightly longer .
Yes , in my opinion it does taste better , i recommended it yah paris for sure !
The macaroons in Paris are definitely worth buying , as in my personal opinion they are surpassing .
Your family will thank you beyond doubt .
Do i have to pay customs charge ?
I got a friend of mine who live in UK and he is send some gift over to singapore for me .
I would like to know if i need to pay any transport free or any other fee ?
Best ask the transportation provider you are going to use .
UPS or DHL will provide the most accurate information on all charges involed . .
Information from other source may not be accurate .
What are some really nice restaurants in Adelaide ?
La Trattoria is very nice , a great host and pretty good service .
It 's on King William Street , just south of the CBD .
Their pizzas are always excellent and they have a decent selection of excellent Italian wines .
Their Marinara pizza is the best .
What , in your opinion , are the three best tasting items at McDonalds ?
1 .
Angus Burger with Bacon 2 .
McRibs 3 .
Sausage Egg McMuffin
:-) \ \ \ \ / / / / All i ever get is the Snack Wraps .
( Crispy , no dressing , no cheese . )
is how i live them I hate Macdonals .
:
O ugh .
You talk about Burgur king that a whole other story lol Double Quater - Pounder ( no onions or pickles ) Crispy Chicken Chipolte BBQ snack wrap ( no lettuce ) Chicken McNuggets At which Irish or American restaurant have you consistently received excellent food and service ?
Irish - Beef O'Bradys American :
Applebees Olive garden Bob Evans
:-) \ \ \ / / / Mc Donald 's in Ireland Mc Donald 's in America is consistently great service and very clean .
At which Swiss or American restaurant , have you consistently received excellent food and service ?
There are no Swiss Restaurants in my area , so I 'll go with American Restaurants :
Applebees Bob Evans , mostly in Ohio , Florida1 Longhorn Steakhouse Cody 's Roadhouse - Steaks Ryan 's Steakhouse Olive Garden
:-) \ \ \ / / / What is the finest restaurant that you have dined at in France or in the USA ?
France :
Moulin Rouge USA :
Applebees Longhorn Steak House Cody 's Roadhouse
:-) \ \ \ / / / McDonalds I personally think that Olive Garden is a fine restaurant .
What , while dining out , is a favorite German dish of yours ?
1 .
Weinerschnitzel 2 .
Jagerschnitzel 3 .
Saurbraten 4 .
Bratwurst
:-) \ \ \ \ / / / / kartoffelpuffer mit apfelmousse .
sorry about the spelling .
also rotkohl .
Jagerschnitzel or weinerschnitzel ?
Which do you prefer ?
Weinerschnitzel ! ! !
:-) \ \ \ / / / Weinerschnitzel FTW !
weinerschnitzel Do I really pay the Philippine Post Office for the parcel from US ?
They ask me to pay the tax worth 1Php1.2k . ?
Thet ask me to pay Php1 , 235.00 . .
For the package that my sister send to me from US , it 's a Swiss Gear Bag & a rubber shoes .
My Sister put a $ 1 amount for the shoes and $ 2 for the bag and the cost for the whole package is $ 50 . .
When I claimed it to the Post Office they ask me to pay Php 1,235 for the tax . .
Do I really have to pay for that ?
although I already paid for it . .
Just want to hear others thought about this . .
Yes , you have to pay .
Because your sister lied and claimed a ridiculous value for the items , Customs valued it at a full retail value .
Now you have to pay the government taxes and Customs Duty on those items .
In the future , do n't lie on an official government document .
i think I 'm THE ONE ... ?
i have seem to aquired the power of the one like in the matrix .
i have also gained the ability to dissconet and reconnect from the matrix like in the movie , also this proves that i was right all along , and that we are actually in the matrix , well you guy are .
so i want all you to do some self substantiation so you guys can get out also .
Are you serious ?
Haha ... ... ... ... ... .
.
, .
- '' '' ... ... ... .
`` ~ . , ... ... . . ... ... , . - '' ... ... ... ... ... ... `` - . , ... . . ... ... . . , / ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . . '' : , ... ... .
. .
.
, ?
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... \ , ... ... ... / ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
, ) ... ... ... / ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
.
, : ` ^ ` .
) ... ... .
.
/ ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
, : '' ... .
/ ... ... . ?
... -- -- ... ... ... ... ... ... .
.
: ` ... .
/ ... ... .
/ -- -- .
THE STUPID ONE ... .
Get outta here i 'm the one you meatballchugging idiot camaaaaan ! ! !
is it legal for a workplace to expect you to clean their public toilet ?
im 17 years old and am working part time at a fast food restaurant , we have a male and female toilet in the restaurant and we are expected to clean inside the toilet bowl , and around the seats etc. in my opinion i think its filthy , and was wondering if its even legal to have a minor clean a toilet . .
since its obviously not very sanitary or safe ... everyone needs to shut the fuck up with the critical comments , it was a question , and my job description says nothing about getting on my knees to scrub a public toilet that people with disgusting diseases use .
the fast food place i work at is in a horrible suburb .
i just didnt think it was legal for me to be touching a toilet , when i dont have all my needles to protect me from that type of shit .
so cheers for everyones shit help .
I Do n't Think So .
Depends What Your Job Title Actually Is ...
If You 're A Chef Or Something Then No. Usually You 're Given A List Of Duties That You Will Be Required To Do With That Job Title .
If You Ca n't Find Out , Ring The Fair Work Ombudsman , It May Take A While To Get Someone But At Least You Know For Sure . .
Hope This Helps .
x Yes - like cleaning a toilet at home !
You should be able to clean a toilet unless you have some kind of breathing condition where some smells are hard on your lungs .
Think about someone who has to actually use the toilet - would you like to go to a restaurant and have to sit on a filthy toilet ?
THATS gross to me .
Look on the bright side - if you clean it often , it wo n't be so bad as if you waited long !
Yes , it is legal .
It is part of your job duties .
You are employed now , working for money under a contract .
This is n't like home where you can throw a tantrum and have someone else do it .
`` obviously not very sanitary or safe ... '' Just HOW do you think you clean the toilet ?
With your bare hands or lick it with your tongue ?
Of courser not !
You use brushes and mops , and cleanser .
It 's not any more unsafe than using it .
Use a pair of gloves if you are that nelly .
You have a lot to learn about working and life in general .
where can i buy razor comb and thinning shears in winnipeg . . ?
I use to walk by the Barber and Hair salon supply place in Winnipeg when I worked at the old Fort Gary Hotel for C.P in the 1980 ' s , they had them because I ought my shampoo there , they may have moved check the Yellow Pages under Beauty Supply outlets .
Ah , you posted your question in the `` Dining Out '' section .
? ? ?
Have you ever noticed that most of the questions in the Men 's Health section can be answered with `` cut it off '' ?
I got suspended for giving that answer once lmao Who do you bet will leave first ?
I 'm getting pretty tired , but like I said . .
I wo n't leave until one of you leaves .
My parents keep asking me what I 'm doing O_o
I think it may be me lol !
Brazil < 3
Was this because you assume I 'm gon na be first ?
And i think it will be lol i have no idea what you guys are talking about ... ... wait .
Are you not tired yet ?
I 'm knackered .
Aww . .
this is my last question guys .
I ca n't ask anymore : ( G'night Hannah < 3 Right , she 's off . . That means I can go .
G'night everyone < 3 Goodnight : ) I 'm about to drop !
I 'm going too Hanna :
D
Good night everyone ♥ I 'll be honest .
The screen is becoming blurry lool
G'night Hannah & Hanna < 3 is victoria justice a jerk ?
why would you think there was a section called victoria ... to discuss ppl named victoria ... really ... its a city on the west coast of canada , now get out of here ...
Have you ever seen food in the bin ?
and wondered if its edible Never .
no thats disgusting WHY ?
What is a good restaurant ?
A restaurant that is good for young adults , a large group , and has dinner for $ 15 - $ 25 .
East Side Marios is awesome if you are in the mood for Italian food , which for me is always .
Some things there are quite expensive , but you get all you can eat bread and soup / salad if you pitch .
Also Moose Winooski 's ( spelt that wrong ) is delicious .
Kindof like a steak house feel , however tonnes of variety .
Got me hungry just thinking about it : ) McDonald 's .
Chilis , Applebees . .
they have a $ 20 dinner for 2 ... how to get easy money ?
I 'm 13 and I nead money and I ca n't work !
how can i get some money ?
i am 12 and i have the same problem .
you can do online surveys , mow lawns , chores , walk dogs , trade stuff .
sell stuff , make baked goods or drinks and sell them .
also you can babysit ask neighbors if they need any help .
thats all i got .
good lucK ! ! ! !
you saayyy : come bliblibli easy money , come bliblibbliii easy moneeyy Left suddenly but worried about tax ( EA form ) - Malaysia ?
I left my company without giving a proper resignation letter and notice ( practically walked off ! )
because they treated me badly last year .
I have since joined another company .
What I want to know is : 1 .
Can my previous owner do anything to me .
If yes , what can they do ?
2 .
How would I file my tax return ( EA form ) .
Do I need 2 forms ?
Is there anyway around this as I dont think my previous employer will issue me an EA form considering I left suddenly without notifying the company .
Please help .
Thank you .
They can blacklist you to other company .
We 're all going to miss Cam , are n't we ?
: ( She 's moved to madrid for her final year of uni . And yes , but internet connection takes a while to set up ! She 's coming back : D and yeah we can still email ^ ^ Yes : ( ( (
But we can still email her : ) Where did she go ?
Oh cool : ) Why not move to the UK ?
The trolls wo n't follow us here .
And I doubt Yahoo will monitor .
BQ :
Anyone up for this to be the new hangout ?
Who are you ?
LOL .
Never mind .
If you have it on All English questions , the trolls will se this.Lets try Malaysia .
yeah , UK questions show up in here , go to Y !
A espanol !
MEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW ?
Trolls will follow us no matter where we go .
Which clubs in perth , wa have finger scanners ?
I hate having those finger scanners , because they are a breach of privacy .
It would be gladly appreciated if someone could tell me which clubs in northbridge , leederville , freo , etc had finger scanners .
I 'm keen for a night out with the girls , and dont want to go somewhere that will dampen our moods !
: ) Thankyou !
Thanks for the information .
I live in regional Australia and did n't know that finger scanners had been introduced to of all places , clubs .
I do n't even know whether the New South Wales police have got finger scanners , let alone the clubs .
I hope you have a great night out with the girls in a scannerless club !
Cheers ! ! !
do they do road buggies in tenerife ?
or mopeds quads in tenerife los cristanos playa las americas yes , they do why am i always my happiest when its raining ?
or when im at the ocean ?
why am i always my happiest when its raining ?
or when im at the ocean ?
i have always been in my best mood when its raining .
i always feel at peace and tranquil when it rains or when im at the ocean ?
im even going to college for marine biology : ) thanks .
I feel the same way about rain .
It is my favorite weather because it IS so calming .
( LOVE to hear the rain beating on a roof at night ! )
The ocean is also a lovely place because of the sound of the waves rolling in .
I think that we , like others , are ' audial ' people .
We are soothed by repetitive and pleasant sounds ... especially those of nature .
: ) I 'm going to answer , but I hope you can handle it .
I think you 're part - fish .
Speak to your parents , because either one of them was a fish , or one of your grandparents .
That , or you associate water with comfort .
Are you a duck ?
what to do for a dog bite ?
my finger got bit while trying to break up a dog bite .
im updated on tetanus and i know the dog doesnt have rabies i just need help doctoring it Rather than asking in a dining out section , you ask your DOCTOR .
You 're probably gon na die .
go get it checked by a doctor it might not look bad but you never know it does n't hurt to double check What if everyone just cats ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
There would be less cats in the world .
: ) Should I eat my friend 's present ... ?
REAL QUESTION .
need answers . ?
my best friend brought her other friend gummy bears from germany but her friend is a bitch and i deserve them more anyway and they are super delicious ... should i take some when shes sleeping ?
i just wan na taste themmm ...
Can I haz ?
Burger King , McDonalds or Wimpy 's ?
Which do you prefer ?
McDonald 's Burger King - Only on US Military Posts , not civilian ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
:-) \ \ \ \ \ / / / / / McDonald 's .
But in all honesty , you ca n't beat five guys .
BURGER KING !
What is your favorite German meal ?
Anyone may answer , not just Germans ?
1 .
Wienerschnitzel mit Home Frits !
2 .
Jagerschnitzel mit Home Frits
:-) \ \ \ / / / What do you like with sauerkraut ?
Bratwurst ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
:-) \ \ \ \ \ \ / / / / / / A mean chili - dog hand crafted by a Jedi Master .
Kielbasa !
What is your favorite fast food restaurant in Germany ?
McDonald 's - Stuttgart , Germany - Baden - Wurttemberg !
:-) \ \ \ / / / Echo echo hello hello ?
Anybody in here ?
Hanna there 's some bald guy who 's been seen lingering around our neighbour 's yard about 20 minutes ago by our neighbour 's brother , I saw the exact same bald guy doing the same thing last night at the same time :
i dont want to make money i just want to know how much my daily tax is thx
Here 's the info you need : http://www.ird.govt.nz/how-to/taxrates-codes/itaxsalaryandwage-incometaxrates.html And here 's a calculator : http://www.ird.govt.nz/calculators/keyword/individualincometax/calculator-tax-rate.html Can a student claim tax back on books ?
Lol probably but i would n't worry so much about it Are all my contacts atheist ?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgeKQ_l1ijgFmrvgOm4KvX7sy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20110731142533AAvuJdF
Awkward O_o Hanna - aww !
I do n't practice much and there 's a lot I disagree with , but I still believe in God etc. To the future Ms. Justin Timberlake ,
I am a father of three .
Grandfather of three .
How can ANYONE with children not believe that He 's with us always .
lol that question would have gotten different responses if it was in R&S I 'm agnostic not atheist Does anybody know an actor from Halifax thay knew these people ?
I was talking to a guy today at the hotel .
He claims to have dated Avril Lavigne in the past .
He 's been in several movies and knows Kevin Costner , Neve Campbell and Demi Moore .
His real name is Donald but I could n't hear what his last name was .
He 's gone by a few aliases , both I could n't remember .
I think he used `` Kripke '' as a last name for one of them .
He used to tell people he was from Halifax to hide his real identity .
Turns out he got left on the streets , homeless with no job .
He looks kind of familiar but I 'm not even sure if he was telling the truth or if he made everything up , since he may be weird in the head from being homeless for so long .
I 'm not trying to be a troll either .
This is a serious question and I 'm trying to figure out if this guy was telling the truth or not .
He also said that his brother is in the biz ( making movies , acting , etc. ) and that he 's homess because his brother would n't mention him to anybody .
he sounds like a nut Hello my dog is coming on to me , what do I put in tacos ? ! ? ! ?
I dont like them to dry but hate when they float in water .
WAZESXCDHYJUIKO In Western Australia who do I complain to about a dangerous resturant / Cafe ?
I worked at a restaurant in Jurien Bay until recently when I was fired for no reason ( SERIOUSLY ! ! ! )
but BEFORE I was fired I was looking into who I could tell that the restaurant is unhygienic and was very likely making lots of people sick but I could not and still ca n't find any authority to tell .
Please tell me What I can do .
Also just so that even if you ca n't help you know for your own safety the cafe is called Lesueurs
Also I may be angry that I was unfairly dismissed but that is not why I am doing this , I honestly believe that Cockroaches in the kitchen weevils in the tea bags , Grated carrots in the fridge for a month before they are used and food dropped on clean plates and left for weeks on a shelf , out of date flavourings and sauses and Ice creams still being used and pies and sausage rolls given to customers at below the 60 % minimum ( to name a phew of the problems ) is disgusting and needs to be fixed .
And when I brought these things up they were either quickly sweeped under the rug or I was told they would be fixed which they were n't .
Workplace Standards , Workcover of which ever the agency is in WA for safety , Dept of Health for cleanliness local council 's health department ROADWORTHY CERTIFICATE VALIDATION IN VICTORIA ?
I RECENTLY GOT A ROAD WORTHY IN WAGGA WAGGA NSW IS IT POSSIBLE TO USE IT WHEN I GET MY CAR REGISTERED ON THURSDAY IN WODONGA VICTORIA ?
this is victoria , canada .
the dining out section .
different tax treatment between employment income and business income . ?
list some points , thx This question somehow appeared in my US tax group .
My answer applies to US .
If you asked about Malaysia , I have no knowledge , sorry .
Here 're 3 points as a start .
1 .
Social Security / Medicare tax , aka self - employment tax .
Employment : 1/2 paid by employee , the other 1/2 by employer Business : business owner pays 100 %
2 .
Business expenses
Employment : business expenses are usually paid by employer and not deductible to employee Business : business expenses fully deductible against business income
3 .
Tax withholding
Employment : taxes pre-paid by withholding from each paycheck Business : taxes are not withheld ; must be paid via quarterly `` estimated payments ''
Michael Plaks , EA , Houston TX www.MichaelPlaks.com What are your favorite German meals ?
Fish Bratwurst and Saurkraut Sauerbraten Wienerschnitzel Jagerschnitzel
:-)
\ \ \ / / / quiche for starter , beer , weisswurst , pretzel , potato salad , sauerkraut , streudel What are your favorite Brazilian meals ?
Feijoada Acai Tacaca Caruru Vatapa http://www.en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_cuisine l am vegetarian , so l eat Brazilian vegetables hehehe People here are too carnivore , so they eat meat in every meal What are some of your favorite Swiss meals ?
Swiss Steak Filet de Perche Risotto ai funghi Bratwurst Wienerli Cheese Pies and Tarts Wine or Beer
:-)
\ \ \ / / / What percentage is secondary tax ?
Secondary tax codes
If you have more than one job , you need to work out which job gives you the highest income .
This job is your main job .
For all other jobs , you should generally use a secondary tax code , which means secondary tax will be deducted from that income .
If you have a part - time job and are also receiving an income - tested benefit , you need to use a secondary tax code for your part - time job .
how to improve spoken english skill ?
in very few days i have to improve my english view oprah winfrey shows at You tube listen to speeches of shashi thurur on you tube take any column of english news paper and read it loudly listen to english news daily and tray to repeat it .
take any peice of english essay or poetry , learn that , hold in the mind and record without seeing , repeat until you satisfy with your own performance .
make Habit of Reading english novels , this will improve your imagination & thought process in English Language .
Install word web dictionary in your computer , this remain at desk top , give you meaning with sentense application read those .
Listen to american radio and repeat what they say
its what i did when i was learning russian helps speaking the words not necessarily understanding what they mean get a really good home tutor that can offer at least 10 hours of complete english conversation : ) what '' s the tax treatment as a director of company ?
Wages are considered ordinary income subject to the appropriate tax bracket .
Same as any one else .
You may receive taxable benefits in kind but the company should declare these ( P11D ) Like private healthcare .
how to feel fresh in 6.00 Am in the morning ?
How to i feel fresh and very healthy in 6.00am ?
so i can not feel sleepy while i am at my workplace .
Right when you wake up drink two glasses of water no matter if you 're thirsty or not .
Have a good light breakfast like oatmeal .
Try stretching , too .
Jumping Jacks are a good quick excercise to wake you up .
either that or jump rope Masturbate 5 times and do 300 jumping jacks Wash your face with cold water and do some kind of exercise .
i cant open my email address ?
i cant open my emaill address then i dont see any written mail for may email address Do you use Yahoo email ?
If you upgraded to their new version , it 's all screwed up right now .
Try another browser and it might come up .
Will my work id work in a nightclub ?
I am going out for my friends 18th next week to a night club and i was wondering would my work id be accepted ?
I have my Picture , my name , my D.O.B , what i work as there and my id number ?
wouldnt say so man ! !
usually , they need a state issued id , not a work or school id .
I do n't see why not as long as your pic and dob is on it and it all matches up .
Why do n't you have a drivers license or state id ?
Sorry , we could n't find who you were looking for ?
whats that mean ?
It means the controller at Yahoo! Answers is drunk and throwing up right now so he does n't feel like redirecting you .
how do you make an avatar guy ?
i want to make a custom one instead of having pikachuu http://avatars.yahoo.com / Use yahoo avatars .
Go I 'm the yahoo homepage .
Click on other other sites .
And you will see avatars how do i use a tampon ?
soo like im on vacay and im stayin with mi frens and im on mi period and i have to go swimmin with one of mi guy friends tomorrow ... i brought ONE tampon ... but idk how to use it ... = / never asked mi mom or anything ... how to i use one i 'll be on mi fourth day of cycle Sit down on the toilet , and make sure you know where your hole is .
( The one you have sex with , not pee out of . ) It 'll be at a slight angle .
Push the tampon inside of you until you reach the little line at the end .
Not the complete end , like an inch or so down from it .
That way you can still pull it out .
You know it 's in completely when it hurts just a little and then when you stand up , all you see is the string to pull it out .
But be careful .
You can only wear tampons for about 5 hours .
Or you 'll get sick .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNP0qhBdfHI This helped me a lot ( : Gently & carefully Is Banjarmasin a troll free zone ? Most of Dining Out is : D Why wo n't C trade me Calvin Johnson ? I offered her Deangelo Williams and Miles Austin ? Because he 's kinda good ... Anyway , you should n't just go with your favorite players , you should go with the best players . She does n't have a brain . I 've offered her Turner and someone else and she wo n't take that ! The only reason I got Turner was to trade and get Calvin .
My offer would be better though .
I 've offered S - Jax , S Moss and any other bench player for him .
Also , Hays wo n't trade me Michael Vick .
Is there any cinemas in Halifax if so where ?
Please list some if possible .
I do n't know .
Dun dun DUN ! ?
WHAT WHAT WHAT ? ! ?
Carrot Cake ... .
wow ur random carrot cake In the year One Million and a Half ?
Human kind is ... ?
enslaved by giraffes ?
naak khadi karne upaay ?
matlab nnak khare kar l ; o What would you like to see offered at McDonalds ( in German or Americans outlets ? )
?
More Salads and Lo - Cal Food items !
:-)
\ \ / / What are some of your favorite German or American fast food places ?
any place you can dine quickly 1 .
McDonald 's
:-)
\ \ / / What are some great restaurants near Naples ?
Here 's a website with every restaurant in all parts of Italy .
Just scroll down , and find `` Bay of Naples '' and you will find a few there .
Hope this helps , have a great trip : )
http://www.italytraveller.com/en/restaurants What are your favorite french fries ?
curly fries & the fries from mcdonalds .
answer my latest question please ?
: ) What - a - burger Curly fries from jack in the box .
: ) What are some nice restaurants in this area of France ?
May be heading there for honeymoon soon .
France has some wonderful restaurants most everywhere .
When we honeymooned in Nice we often ate at little roadside cafes in narrow streets .
Sometimes a bottle of wine from the deli and a sandwich made a fun meal .
An it was relatively cheap at the time .
You could sit on a bench overlooking the topless beach and chow down .
We did go to La Reserve near Monaco and paid almost $ 100 each for dinner .
messy Joe 's What are some of the nicer restaurants in this area ?
We are considering traveling to France and we 'd like some input .
i 've seen some McDonalds over there , if you want that taste of home .
Whate are some of the fast food restaurants in France ?
Last time I was there , they had only Wimpys Some of these may not be fast food but they are restaurants / bakeries - McDonald 's , Burger King , Dlifrance , Wimpy , Flunch , Quick ...
McDonald 's ! !
:-)
\ \ \ / / / What are some of the nicer restaurants in this area of Switzerland ?
Altes Tramdepot - Bern Interlaken - City Basel - All Restaurants are good
http://www.virtualtourist.com/travel/Europe/Switzerland/Restaurants-Switzerland-TG-C-4.html
:-)
\ \ \ / / / What are a few of your favorite hamburgers , from which USA or German restaurant ?
USA 1 .
McDonald 's - Angus Burger with Bacon 2 .
BK - Double Bacon and Cheese 3 .
Hardees - Double Bacon and Cheese And My Cholesterol is very good at 165 !
No fast food in Germany when I was there which was in the years 1959 to 1961 , 1965 , 1969 and from 1973 to 1976 ! ! !
Have not been back , but planning on a trip later .
:-)
\ \ \ \ \ \ / / / / /
:-)
I live in Millwoods in Edmonton and I was wondering if anyone can tell me which McDonalds is open ?
I 'm talking about the one right next to Millwoods Town Center .
And by open I mean the lobby as well not just the drive thru . .
Is it all open ?
or is it only the drive thru still ?
Most are 24/7.The one I live by , Is 24/7 .
You might not be able to go inside . .
But the drive thru is usally open most of them are still open By the way what 's your sign ?
I bet that it 's compatible with mine ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IHcp8Pl_X4
* Cries * a maple leaf ... .
i 'm not even Canadian either !
llol cheesy but good : ) I like that song : ) Can hotels in Tenerife give out residents names ?
trying find name of a girl but wan na know if they will give out any names wan na ask before i phone as its alot of money No decent hotel will ever do that .
If you do n't have a full name when you call then they wo n't help you .
Forget it .
how do you turn butter ?
i cant fugure how to turn butter you whippersnapper Put heavy cream in a mixing bowl and whip it .
Continue to whip it until it turns into butter .
You can add some spices and make herb butter or honey butter or whatever `` homemade butter '' you 'd like .
Pick it up , roll it , turn it ?
as simply as turning any other object ... what book is this help me ?
a little indian kid growing up with his grandparents then the gov takes him away and he finds his way home and then basically his family dies from old age , deisease etc. its sad The education of little tree .
I cried SO much when I read the ending .
what book is this help me ?
It 's basically a book about a group of kids that get trapped on an island .
They basically go from civilized to savage , go crazy , and kill eachother Lord of the flies .
Lord of the Flies .
by golding i think .
only three kids die .
one is lost , sam is killed by the boys because they think he is a beast .
Piggy is killed by a rock .
lord of the flies , its a very nice book though where can I get single girls in Adelaide , Im single ?
facebook chat rooms .
What is the best place in Hamburg to dine , or what kind of restaurant would you like to dine at in Hamburg ?
Every time I go to Hamburg I go to Le Canard .
the food isnt too expensive , but the quality of the food is outstanding .
It was once listed as the best resteraunt in Germany .
The Japan room they have is just too good to be true , with a wide variety of different foods .
Zur Schlachterbrse McDonald 's , Pizza Hut , Schnell Imbiss at the Bahnhof ! !
You would n't get far , loving a rap star ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlzrC-B6n-M
: ( Hanna - LOL I 'll be rich anyways : D it 's a sign hannah lol . I would n't love him anyway , his tattoos are hideous . How weird is it that Qs I asked a while ago ... ? ... just got reported at roughly the same time .
As I figure , you could n't report Qs from one person that quick unless they were listed , for example - if they were your contact and you can view it .
See where I 'm getting at ?
Well , bye - bye .
It is weird and obviously the trolls are responsible - therefore ... be careful if you add someone to your contact list .
It definitely was n't me !
Has anyone ever asked you to send them a picture ?
Ramiz did last week and I was like okay O_o BT , okay ; ) Brad - Yeah , he wanted to see my face lol .
Of my cock , yes .
You do n't have to show anyone anything .
send me a picture ?
oh look , its cheryl cole !
Hi cheryl .
why does a hippopotamus have pillar - like limb bones at its feet ?
maybe this should be under riddles ?
It probably takes big strong bones to support all that body weight .
how many bing crosby restaurants are there ?
I have never heard of even one and I read `` JUST CALL ME LUCKY '' his autobiography many tears ago .
Maybe each of his kids started one .
What does it mean when a contact stars your question but does n't answer ?
I do n't know who is worse
Pony Slaystation Or Urahara Kisuke
LOL Oh I like foreplay lol ; ) Star light , star bright ...
I do n't think I want to answer your question tonight !
Foreplay .
;
D
But seriously , I do that to all my contacts , not just you , lol .
I 'm either . .
A ) Too lazy to answer B ) Wo n't answer so I give a star as compensation C ) Or I find the question interesting
I do n't always answer every question I star .
Haha , Urahara just wants it to get noticed I guess .
He just does n't answer questions that he may not give legit answers to , I guess !
Luchiano Paverotti has what in his pocket for luck when singing ?
Five ... .
Five dollar ... .
Five dollar foot long ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
A rock , duh !
Lun Draculas Dinner Show Queensland ?
Hi , Im planning to go to Draculas , located on the gold coast for the first time ( which i think is a dinner show ? )
.
With Draculas , I dont really understand the system .
If I pay for the dinner show , does the haunted house thing come with it ?
or is it a separate pay ?
also , whats happening with the food ?
do I pre-order ?
or order it there ?
whats happening with the tables ?
do we get a private table or a shared one with everyone else ?
also with the birthday cake , if we pre-order it , how will it come to our table when the show is playing while we are having our dinner ? ?
Sorry for asking a lot of these questions , but I would just like to know things in detail ( a lot of haha ) before I book for it because I want to make that night memorable for my friend ! !
: )
Im in a hurry , so if you know , please let me know asap ! !
thanks so much in advance ! !
Thanks so much for your answer , but whats a ghost train ?
never knew that it existed ! !
and also how scary will the haunted house be ? ?
haha just curious ! !
Everything is included , Ghost Train , Dinner and Show .
There are a few different meals to choose from the menu you just pick one before the show starts .
The only thing you will have to fork out is of drinks and any other stuff you buy while your in there , like photo 's , souvenirs etc.
Edit :
Sorry the ghost train is part of the show , when you enter the castle you take the ghost train to get into it , then the staff take you to your seat .
It 's pretty cool .
PS the haunted house is a separate attraction in Surfers Paradise run by the people who run Dracula 's so it 's not included in the price i believe .
I 've not been to Draculas but have been to something similar .
The Haunted Castle seems to be a separate attraction elsewhere or separate , but all entertainment is included in your Dracula show .
Food you order on the night unless you have special dietary requirements like wheat intolerance or lactose intolerance ...
There seems to be 5 mains mostly and one is always a vegetarian option ...
There is not one big table for like 200 people ...
The place I went to had booths for 6 - 8 people .
I went with a group so not sure if can choose table to yourself or if they put 2 - 3 couples / singles together ...
I 'd guess so .
It 's unlikely to come after the show as the show ran and once the show was done dinner was also over and it was time to go home ...
Do you think Callum is h0rny ?
When am I not horny ?
Am I in luck now ?
;
D who ?
and why do you want to know ?
this question will be reported by some f@ggot ... - -- - If we 're all bored and hungry ... ?
Where shall we go out for dinner ?
NANDOS MANNNN ! !
What the hell is zizzis as long as you guys are paying ill go anywhere Nandos , pleaaaaseee !
:
D
Now I 'm craving their chips & coleslaw : (
Callum - Fine - -- - But we 're going to Zizzis :
D I 'm thinking Italian !
^ F * ck that , NANDOS :
D
ZIZZI 'S ! ! ! !
Woo !
it 's an Italian place Hanna .
Should I wait on buying a vacation home ?
I was thinking of buying a winter home in Florida when I retire in may .
I dint have a whole lot of money and would need a good interest rate to pull it off .
I would also be relying on the mortgage interest writeoff
Are these two things that I should not rely on in the next year ?
Are dems trying to limit mortgage interest tax deductions Are interest rates rising ? ?
What is in the forecast ? ?
Do n't .
You can not rely on the deductions for second home to remain .
When Clinton took office he attempted to eliminate them what are the couples of the horoscope section ?
take all the regulars .
who you put with who .
i ask before .
but it got delete .
- Taeyoung and HuuPoo and May Not ( with Cancer Male trying to steal Taeyoung away , lie jay trying to steal HuuPoo away , and Georgesdg the Second trying to steal May Not away ) - The Idiot and * * * moose - Saggy Sweety and tis time - Sun ( original ) and Sun ( fake ) and Fan of Astrology ( who loves Sun )
I 'll add more later when I think of them ... wow i 'm popular in everywhere i go , thank you thank you which horoscope users fit what hisghscools stereotype ?
jerk prom king prom queen know it all popular nerd geek nobodi lonar May Not - Lmao !
Especially the kid who tells on people thing :
P
Hey did you delete your insecure shirtless club question ?
: / I went back to check it and it was n't there ...
I 'll re-post my answer from before ... - -- -
Prom King :
HuuPoo .
Prom Queen :
Taeyoung .
; ) Suspended kid :
HuuPoo .
: ( And Popular : HuuPoo because he 's popular with the men in that section . Jerk : Taeyoung because he looks like he 's jerking off .
Oh and kid who constantly tells on people :
Audball .
Everything : > ; )
Everything :
No , read your email ... .
Taeyoung - OMG ! !
Since when did you hit puberty ?
> ; ) And uh , I just wanted to know if I could join ...
And if there was a discount on membership for females ... :
P jerk - jerkfilmrater prom king - lie jay prom queen - larry king know it all - me popular - exist , she 's so popular ( see , i 'm so nice yet she 's so sarcastically mean to me yet im cool with it coz its all jokes around here ) nerd - lie jay ( a nerd who talks wangsta ) geek - huupoo ( queer eyes in his glasses thats geek yo ) nobodi - nobody 's nobody ok ?
lonar - we 're all loners , looooooooooners What taxes are affected / changed by Value Added Tax ( VAT ) ?
and what are its advantages and disadvantages ?
Normally a vat is aimed at tourists ... .
but their are a lot of vaule added taxes that go unnoticed ... .
the main advantage is that tourists dont usually file to get a vat tax at a mall back so tourists fund the place and it saves the locals , same concept as a hotel room tax , , , , it also is a tax poor people who cant buy things dont pay so it helps the poor over the rich who are buying a lot .
What is your opinion on the American economy at its current state ?
I posted this in the horoscopes but it got deleted so I 'm going to post it here and hope it does n't get deleted ... there were some great answers though ...
Anyway , please list 2nd house placements if you know them .
Thanks !
@ Lyon Lo :
Yeah those reporter trolls ... .
@ Everyone :
Thanks so much for those interesting answers !
I think it sux & that many people knew it was going to happen but either did nothing to prevent it or outright lied to themselves that a solution would come !
Former Fed Chairmen Alan Greenspan wrote a paper in 1960ish about what economic problems a future U.S. would face from inflation by 1 .
printing more dollars to feed a successively larger population 2 .
removing the Dollar 's value off of a commodity such as Gold thus creating a fiat currency .
Our currency is backed by taxes paid at a future date but at the rate money is being `` made '' in the last 25 years the yields have nearly deceased !
That is to say that there are n't enough taxes in America to support the amount of dollars in existence .
Nixon helped create a fiat currency & every presidential admin. / congress since has created laws & helped to exacerbate the problems with having Such !
Leo 2nd house - no planets or aspects to 2nd house cusp as far as i kno I * really * wish I could answer this , but I have no knowledge of the American economy ( I do n't even know anything about the economy of my country.LOL ) .
From what I heard though , it 's bad .
I do n't like the idea of people being fired , not because of their poor job performance , but because of the bad economy .
I mean , I guess there 's no other option ( Or is there ? O.o ) ...
But it still sucks .
:
Oh man , sorry .
- -- - I have absolutely no idea about issues like these .
I think that it does n't effect me directly because I 'm not American but it does have an effect on the world stage .
With the American super power taking a hit , who else is there ?
China ?
Russia ?
India ?
That outcome would have an effect on Australia ... actually right now Australia is relying on China is pull it though this latest economic downturn but that 's a different story .
As for America I wonder what it 's going to take for them to be on top again ?
That requires a multi-faceted answer that I am not knowledgeable on lol
My 2nd house is in Taurus :
P What are two of your favorite restaurants around the city of Hamburg Germany ?
I have n't tried that many places in Hamburg , but I did particularly like Tafelhaus and Schauermann 1 .
Fishereihafen Restaurant 2.Rocco 3 .
Zur Schlachterborse 4 .
Le Canard
http://www.travel-yahoo.com/p-travelguide-2778379-hamburg_restaurants-i
:-) \ \ / / adolf hitler What are the best Pubs to visit in Dublin ?
`` Knightsbridge '' and `` The Bank ''
The Bank is really cool - it 's at college Green on Dame Street .
It used to be an actual bank .
O'Donoghue 's The Auld Dubliner
http://www.goireland.about.com/.../tp/top10pubsdublin.htm
:-) \ \ / / Dicey 's is really good What are your five favorite restaurants to dine in in Italy ?
And how has the growing debt problem affected ... ?
the dining industry in Italy , if at all .
The debt issue has n't affected the restaurants yet as far as I can see .
When the economic downturn first happened a few years ago , restaurants responded by reducing the portion size , reducing the quality of the ingredients or both .
Reducing the portion sizes while retaining quality seems to have been the best strategy for long term survival .
Certainly those are the places that I continued to visit .
I suppose that if you asked for my 5 favorites here multiple times , I might come up with a different 5 each time .
Right now , I particularly like the Ristorante Pizzeria Il Ponte in Motta , the Da Raffaele in Venice if there 's a canal side table available , Da I 5 Amici in Florence , Al Sangiovese in Bologna and the Osteria da Ermes in Modena .
What are some of the finer places to dine at in your area of Argentina ?
I 'd like to visit there , again ?
Sorry , I don ; t live in Argentina , but I did find this which might help you http://www.buenosaires-argentina.com/restaurants / http://www.thefoodbuster.com/category/restaurants/argentina-restaurants/fine-dining-argentina-restaurants-restaurants/http://www.thefoodbuster.com/category/restaurants/argentina-restaurants/fine-dining-argentina-restaurants-restaurants / http://en.argentina-excepcion.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=88 http://en.argentina-excepcion.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=131 How did the Government shutdown in about 2000 affect the dining situation in Argentina ?
The government shutdown in the early 2000s led riots and destruction , which most likely destroyed some restaurants , and to widespread inflation of the peso in Argentina , which also more than likely hurt the dining situation because people did n't have the money to go out to eat often .
In short , it severely hurt it , but not in a direct way .
There 's really not much on this topic that I could find What are some of the finer restaurants located along the Seine River near Paris ?
As I recall , the Tour D'Argent is on the Seine .
You might want to look up some of the finer restaurants in Paris , then look on their maps , to see if they are on the Seine .
That area of the Seine River is very popular and has the most tourists and the locals ! !
:-) \ \ / / I had a great meal there a few years ago but did not write down the name of the restaurant .
The desk clerk at Clooney Square Hotel sent us there .
They even gave us a split of wine .
Did you know I am an emotional person ?
Apathy is an emotion , right ?
Is horni - ness an emotion ?
I did n't know that .
Are all Indians like that ?
Quiet intimate restaurant in Perth ?
Does anyone out there know of a really nice , but most importantly , really quiet intimate restaurant in the Perth metro area ?
All the restaurats are so loud - God I sound old !
- but it 's true !
Friends restaurant at the hyatt is beautiful and intimate !
Nice and cheap places to eat near St Peter 's Basilica ?
What are some nice but reasonable priced cafes or restaurants ( trattoria ) within a reasonable distance or St Peter 's Basilica
Nothing that is hard to find either please as I am a tourist
Thank you ( : Try the Porta Castello near the Castel Sant Angelo and the Vatican . The address is Largo di porta castello , 27 - very good food at budget prices . Nice and cheap places to eat near Pantheon ? What are some nice but reasonable priced cafes or restaurants ( trattoria ) within a reasonable distance of Pantheon and Piazza Navona ?
Nothing that is hard to find either please as I am a tourist
Thank you ( : Taverna Le Coppelle is inexpensive , has good food and is close to the Pantheon . http://www.virtualtourist.com/travel/Europe/Italy/Lazio/Rome-144659/Restaurants-Rome-Taverna_Le_Coppele-BR-1.html . There are a lot of places to eat and you do n't have to go far from the attractions to find reasonable options . The menus are posted so you can check prices and food options to find something that meets your needs while you 're out exploring . The best nice and cheap restaurant in pantheon is L'Angoletto Rome . What is the finest outdoor cafe you 've eaten at along the Seine river near Paris ? La Villa Maillot Paris ! !
:-) \ \ / / What are your favorite French fries ?
Wendy 's French Fries with Sea Salt , really tastes better than all the rest ! !
:-)
\ \ / / mcdonalds fries Jack in the box curly fries :
D What would you add to your ultimate hamburger ?
Bacon , Cheese , A slice of pizza , Mustard , ketchup , A chicken Patty , Pickles , Onions , Lettuce , Tomatoes , jalapeno peppers and olives .
LOVE ... . .
awesome sauce : 3
hehe . .
it 's categorized as hamburg . .
What is the best restaurant you know of , to get Swiss steak at ?
1 .
Applebees 2 .
Bob Evans - Ohio and Florida
:-) \ \ / / Do you like really good tasting Italian sausage on your pizza ?
Sometimes , but my favorite is pancetta e grana Italian bacon and parmigiano reggiano cheese .
Pizza here in Italy tends not to have very many toppings and often when there are multiple toppings , they will be separated into different sections of the pizza .
Some places do a pizza called Vecchia Modena which will have meat , rucola , and aceto balsamico which is very good especially when the meat is a good Italian sausage .
When I get Italian sausage , it 's more likely to be in the form of a piadina with grilled sausage , cipole ( onions ) and peperoni ( bell pepper ) at one of the local festivals .
No , I hate italian sausage Yes , absolutely ! ! !
:-) \ \ / / Is the beef from Argentina , as good as beef from say Texas ?
Absolutely !
Plus , when you 're in Argentina it costs pretty much next to nothing for a really good cut .
You can also get really nice leather jackets for cheap too !
Unfortunately it costs a ton of money to get there from the States ...
YES ! !
:-) \ \ / / The Big Mac or The Quarter Pounder ?
Which McDonalds burger do you prefer ?
Big mac it a classic Whichever one contains more rat meat .
QPC If I rent a car in Paris and drive to Reimes , what kinds of restaurants could I expect to find ?
Italian , Frenc ?
Mostly French Restaurants are in that area !
:-) \ \ / / Did you know I have a dangerous nose ?
I was playing football and i was gon na truck a little kid so i stopped , but i slipped and smashed my nose on his foot , it hurt like a B * tch but he was hurt more HA all of the neighborhood kids always go to the park and play bball or football or soccer and if we dont let our little brothers play they cry and its annoying so we let them play
K Dawg - No , I was just running and he walked in front of me , i wasnt trying to hit him , hence why i stopped and slipped You were going to lay out a little kid ?
Really , a little kid .
Well , I have not been outside much seeing as I still need to finish my summer reading . .
I 'm soooo dang tired ?
I know Callum / hanna / bitchalynn all just got on but i have to leave = ( of course i 'd post this in the nipples section ... Nipples ... LMFAO Oh boo you : ( Man up Sam I posted a mean question about Richalynn and thought of you when I did it . I thought `` oooh Sam will like this . `` : ( How to eat in a hotel ? I mean , when you eat in a hotel , what type of food should I start with first ? I 'm going to have fast breaking in hotel this Sunday . And I 'm afraid i 'll start off with the heavy food and then i ca n't eat no more , which is a waste of money because it 's so expensive .
so where should i start first ?
the only thing that i know is , dessert is the last .
that 's for sure .
please , I NEED HELP !
start with fruit and pastries , then move on to the heavier breakfast foods such as bacon & eggs , then dessert last .
start with salad or soup ... order a main meal ... . .
order dessert .
i dont get what the confusion is ?
:
P You eat as you would normally .
The closest you can manage . .
I 'm assuming you mean breaking your Ramadan fast ?
Eat only light foods .
In general , that 's the best way to break a fast .
( morning meal in English is Breakfast ... so , I 'm assuming that 's not what you mean ) .
How many explorations have been made to Jupiter ?
Many explorations have been made to the king of planets .
Pioneer 11 took the first close - up images in 1974 , studied the atmosphere and detected Jupiter 's magnetic field .
Space probe Galileo , launched in 1989 , orbited Jupiter .
In 2000 , the Cassini probe took the best ever photos .
Why do Saturn 's rings shine ?
Saturn 's rings consist of dust particles and pieces of ice that can be quite large .
The ice pieces reflect light , causing the rings to shine .
They reflect sunlight .
the ring consist of dust particles and water ice , and light can reflect off it .
What was the name of the high school in the movie Grease ?
Rydell High Rydell Highschool rydell In what city was the first playboy club opened in 1960 ?
The first playboy club was opened in Chicago .
hey , i just wan na know if there is someplace i can buy red vines in Auckland , New Zealand ?
I was just watching A very Potter musical and I really wanted some Red Vines : ) Is that the american food ?
If so , no. Unless you meant red wine .
You can probably order online of some of that , american red vine .
Best Non-veg Restaurant in Ahmedabad ?
I 've been to Awadhpuri , Prahlad Nagar and Mirch Masala , SG Highway .
I 've heard about Bar - B - Que Nation too , but yet to try .
Which are the other best joints for hardcore non-vegies ? ?
Duggal 's Eatery :
Drive - in Rd , Memnagar , Ahmedabad , Gujarat 380054 , India +91 99 74 031635 ( Mobile ) ‎
Food Inn Kamran Enterprises , Lal Darwaja , Ahmedabad , Gujarat 380001 , India +91 79 2550 9512
Iqbal Hotel Paanch Pipli , near Post Office , Jamalpur , Walled City , Ahmedabad , Gujarat 380001 , India +91 79 2532 1251 +91 79 2539 0963 +91 98 98 004664 ( Mobile ) ‎ Topaz Restaurant Is it true you have nothing Toulouse ?
True ... this section is completely empty ROFLMAO No. It 's true you have nothing to lose .
And everything Tugain .
Venues for hire on the gold coast ?
I am organizing a party this weekend and I was wondering if anyone knew any venues on the gold coast that are available for hire .
Anything us fine , whether it is a sports club or a hall .
Any help would be greatly appreciated .
Neil .
There will be about 150 people .
we do not require catering and will be suppling our own music security etc. Basically all we need is a space , and we have the rest sorted out .
What are your requirements ?
How many people !
Licenced !
Music allowed !
Catering !
Staffing !
& On & On .
How about the Surfers Paradise Surf Lifesaving Club ?
With all of the construction and stuff I am sure it is still there .
We went to a party there a few years ago and it was a great night and perfect location .
Cul es tu idea de la felicidad perfecta ?
Se es feliz cuando nos aceptamos tal cual somos .
Y nos respetemos y toleramos unos a los otros do gremilins eat gizmos ?
No but i like eating two legged kitty kats !
wickedly evil and seductive laugh here !
I just realised it 's 4am ... ?
Pretty sure 2mins ago it was 2am ?
I know I was just thinking that .
I 'm not even a little bit tired either , it 's so annoying .
Dude it 's nearly 5am now , this is crazy !
lol not over heeeeere : p It 's only 11 EST Where can I buy ' Igel 's Welt ' in America ?
Thanks !
You can buy it from : http://amzn.to/qP8ANc Does anyone know a good Iranian restaurant in Vienna ?
I will travel next week to Vienna , I 'd like to know wether anybody know any good Iranian restaurant there .
no. What is one place you would love to be right now ?
I would love to be on a date with my boyfriend in France : ) what about you ?
I would to be in Zambia with my boyfriend who 's in Peace Corps right now .
I want to go look at the beautiful waterfalls there with him :-)
Chillin in Italy with some old friends from there I do n't care where !
I just wan na be with my man , in his big strong arms : ( can anyone recommend a good steak and BBQ restaurant in the San Antonio , TX area ? I have a friend coming to town and my favorite place closes early on Tuesdays . Any referrals would be great ! : ) maybe take your friend to eat burgers .
there is a place called ' bigz ' and they serve amazing burgers Aha , you have come to the right site !
I am from San Antonio , and also a lover of BBQ !
Though San Antonio has so wealth option of steak and BBQ restaurants and eateries , my favorite one is always --
Fogo de Chao !
This restaurant is located just within steps from the famous River Walk in downtown area , adjacent to Rivercenter Marriott on Commerce Street .
Why do I love this one while downtown San Antonio is never in lack of good steakhouses and BBQ bars ?
This Brazilian steakhouse has intimate atmosphere , quite suitable for friends or family gatherings .
It features delicate and fresh steak , authentic Brazilian bbq , an elaborate wine menu , attentive staff , wide selections , and most importantly affordable prices ! !
For lunch , the price is just $ 24.5 per person .
For dinner , the price is $ 42.5 per person .
You will be ensured to get more than what you pay for ! !
This restaurant is located at 849 E. Commerce St. , San Antonio .
And the website is http://www.fogodechao.com/index.php?id=170
I hope you will love my recommendations !
Or you can take a good at this website for some hints : ) http://sanantonio.about.com/od/diningandnightlife/tp/Best-San-Antonio-Steakhouses.htm Visit us : sanantonio.metromix.com / search / highland - hills - san - antonio / steak - and - barbecue - restaurants Best French Food in Winnipeg ?
Wow , no food questions in Winnipeg ?
Weird .
We 're so good for food here .
Anyway , I 'm a french food lover who 's running out of new things to try .
I 've been to bistro 7 1/4 and it was . .
eh .
Frenchway ( used to be on Academy , currently on Corydon @ Lilac ) is my favorite by far and I 'm excited to try their new restaurant and lounge on Academy @ Oak .
Does anybody know of another tasty place to eat french ?
If so , please tell !
My family and I have been to a quaint little french restaurant called Chez Sophie many many times and each time it has just as amazing as the last .
The price is a little more than we 'd like sometimes , but it 's definitely worth to food .
High quality every time .
It 's never let us down .
I definitely recommend giving this place a try .
Hope you like it !
: )
http://www.urbanspoon.com/r/332/1416456/restaurant/St-Boniface/Chez-Sophie-Bistro-Pizzeria-Winnipeg How will the people of Jayapura salute their king and top answerer in his triumphant return ?
i 'm the princess . .
how did you become king - -- - I 'm 5th in Banjarmasin .
which restaurant is more expensive ?
Earls or Montana 's ?
In what modern country is mount Ararat ?
Mount Ararat is located in Eastern Turkey on the borders of Iran , Armenia ( formerly U.S.S.R. ) , and Nakchivan .
Turkey .
Mt. Ararat is in modern Turkey , in the area inhabited mostly by Kurds .
Can anyone recommend a good steak and BBQ restaurant in the San Antonio , TX area ?
I 'd love to know where the locals eat great steak and bbq .
Thanks !
: ) Try Rudy 's and Little Red Barn , they are some of the most popular bbq restaurants in SA. I dont know what 's in Texas but here we have a famous daves , which is so good .
And an outback steakhouse , Which is okay .
I think anywhere will have steak ...
I 'm not sure .
Maybe you should yellowbook it !
http://bigtexan.com Nz custom tax for electronics ?
Hi , I am thinking about importing a bulk of electronics to nz , but abit confused over custom tax / duty / levy / tariff side of the business and how these calculation can be done for me to work out the final cost to bring them in .
Anyone have experience in this field ?
Pls help , thanks !
Churr ! !
You really need to have a read on this website , it 's very informative and tells you the things you know before importing goods : http://www.business.govt.nz/growing/importing Potato wafer processing units near pune or maharashtra ?
Lays is located near Pune .
Dhoomley !
snack food in Ahmednagar Haldiram in Nagpur These links would help .
http://www.maharashtradirectory.com/DetailSearchResult.asp?productid=3281
CounterSwarm ' Em !
How do you fill up BIR Forms 2551M ( percentage tax ) ?
How do you fill up the forms of 2551M and does anyone have a sample formed which is filled up so i could understand it much better .
thanks and also if its possible to explain how to fill up the Quarterly Income Tax Return form also .
thanks The question require a lengthy answer but let me try to give you a brief one .
In 2551 , you simply fill out the total amount of gross sales , if you sell goods , or gross receipts , if you sell service , and have it multiplied by 3 % to get the tax due , which you will remit to the BIR .
For quarterly ITR , the gross sales / receipts and allowable deductions declaration is cumulative ( eg. for 2nd quarter , it covers six months sales and expenses ) .
If first quarter ITR , you may opt for optional itemized deduction of 40 % ( based on gross sales / receipts for sole proprietorship of gross income for corporate taxpayer ) .
Under OSD , no substantiation is required and 40 0s automatic even without actual expenses for those engaged in trade or business , or practice of profession .
If you would not mind , we offer BIR compliance tutorials .
Please visit our programs at taxacctgcenter.com .
Hope the above helps a bit .
Which of your answers have made you laugh recently ?
Inspired / Copied lol by Hannah - as I 'm interested in what your answer was lol
-- i 'm quite proud of this one http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AsCIg.ee5RPV72ADe5RhE7jty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20110817100254AA70KXJ
and this one :
P http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AnCq1Erv03eMZ2KjfNJ3y6Lty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20110817091254AAe9W2Y look at callum 's answer lololol Hahaha Hanna we are awesome are n't we .
:
P lmao , this one :
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AtQHglRp5K7Woeyv15O1D53sy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20110817115024AArjLCp how do you think our draft order will go ?
1 .
Me 2 .
Bucky 3 .
Bear down 4 .
Fuh Q 5 .
Jake 6 .
K - Dawg 7 .
Kip F 8 .
Yankees Fan 9 .
Bret Favre 10 .
C 11 .
Bill Bob 12 .
Bear Down
BQ :
I 'm about to go to my mom 's dinner for work .
Sorry I cant make the draft but please tell me who I get .
1 .
Bret Favre 2 .
Fuh Q 3 .
K - Dawg 4 .
Bear Down 5 .
Jake 6 .
Kip F 7 .
GTAP 8 .
You 9 .
C 10 .
Yankees Fan 11 .
Bucky 12 .
Bill Bob
BQ :
You 'll find out once you get back
Edit :
Since when does Bear Down have two accounts ?
YOU FORGOT ME ! ! !
1 .
Me 2 .
Jake 3 .
K - Dawg 4 .
Yankees Fan 5 .
Kip F 6 .
You 7 .
Bucky 8 .
Fuh Q 9 .
Brett Favre 10 .
Bill Bob 11 .
C 12 .
Bear Down wait ... how did you get 12 w / o GTAP ?
EDIT - Dude you put BD twice lol just got home , who did i draft ?
Charles & Gore ?
I hate them both !
my team sucks @ Jake :
I just did a conter offer .
thats the best it will get Drew Brees QB - NO Jamaal Charles RB - KC Frank Gore RB - SF Steve Johnson WR - BUF Kenny Britt WR - TEN Jimmy Graham TE - NO Ryan Mathews RB - SD Mark Sanchez QB - NYJ Michael Bush RB - OAK Pierre Thomas RB - NO Ryan Williams RB - ARI Michael Crabtree WR - SF Greg Olsen TE - CAR K Nate Kaeding - SD NY Giants DEF
I want Charles and I 'm willing to trade Chris Johnson .
I 'll take Charles off your hands , haha I sent you a trade .
Where can I buy some duct tape in Basel ?
Only someone will understand this :
P Making a new one .
Walmart Oh ... .
Kind of forgot about this ... .
:
P I go back Sept 6th .
It 's gon na be my last year of high school ... .
Too bad I do n't even know what career I want :
O I have to think of it soon : / I 'm glad it 's gon na be my last year of HS though .
LMAO when I typed HS my finger accidently went on the other keys and it wrote HSF , I 'm not even kidding .
What about you guys , what are you studying / going to study ?
OhMyLanta - Oh , that 's so cool !
I love psychology , it 's one of the things I 'm considering .
I do n't know if I 'd want to be a psychologist though cause I 'm scared I 'll get depressed , but I find the subject fascinating .
I 'm also really interested in languages , English and writing .
And music .
OhMyLanta - Yeah , that 's true , about separating the lives .
And I do n't know many languages , but I 've been studying French and Spanish at school .
I 'm trying to learn Latin ( even though it is n't spoken anymore , it interests me ) and I 'm interested in learning Italian too .
Bree - Loool for sure , we will even create that bible for him because all of us are the only ones with full knowledge of his hammer .
OhMyLanta - So far I 'm just learning words , lol , I have n't done much yet : $ But I 'm interested in the origins of modern words , since most are from Latin .
My mom 's friend also has a book about Latin that she 's going to lend me .
Yeah , I play guitar .
My favourite is singing though : ) I used to play piano but I have n't for a long time , I should start again .
What about you ?
Oh that 's cool : ) & Yeah I can but only if I know the chords well enough lol .
Ahh I think I 'm gon na go to sleep , it 's 3 am here and my eyes are getting tired ...
I 'll leave this up though in case Bree or May Not come back , but it does n't seem like they will haha .
Anyways , good night !
Why do you think that French cuisine is so highly regarded in France and worldwide ?
Gastronomy is considered an Art in France .
We 're passionate about good food .
France has different climates and produces different ingredients , the variety of French cuisine is huge .
For exemple , there are many kinds of French salt , different kinds of butter , fresh cream from different regions , different kind of tomatoes ( coeur de boeuf is delicious ) , different kinds of potatoes ( Noirmoutier ones are so tasty that you do n't need to salt them or to ad anything ) , variety of strawberries and so on .
French cuisine is highly regarded because it 's sophisticated , the prcision of cooking time of each ingredient is essential , the accord between wine and food it 's also essential , the quality and freshness of each product is the first matter to succeed a meal preparation .
Good food is a passion in France , if you go to a bookshop in Paris , you 'll find a huge choice of gastronomy books , not only about cooking but gastronomy , every month there are new interesting books to buy .
The French invented most of the modern techniques which are used in kitchens all throughout the world today .
Watch ' Ratatouille ' and you 'll understand .
TOUT LE MONDE !
JE MANGE DU CHEVAL TOUS LES JOURS ET JE PENSE QUE CEST TRES BIEN .
mais en ce moment a mon avis le monde est tres different des nos jours , la societe en ce moment est TRES differents et le cout de la vie est beaucoup augmente depuis leur jeunesse ( notre parents ) .
QUELLE DOMAGE .
CEST TOUT .
could i start a business in argentina ?
( zuri speakers ) ?
haha i not olf to stat business ... .
j ' iwll atlk rizu ... os nac k ?
lla j ' awtn ot od is nowred .
hahah : ) auh - havfie !
ewll , fi uoy awtn ot tsrta ti uoy ksa omer ... ... ... ohep htsi ehpl ! ! !
: ) Prices of tabocco in tenerife ?
Any know the prices of tabocco in tenerife as il b going monday http://www.tenerifetimes.com/content/view/191/1 / What time zone is louisville ky ?
East Coast ( EDT currently ) .
Eastern Officially eastern , but really 20 years behind the times .
In what region is spain ?
I am well traveled and know some cities like guadalajara , puebla and mexico city .
I live in texas , so for me is very easy to go to mexico .
Spain seems to be very famous for it 's bullfights , but strangely enough i do n't have the option to go there .
Europe , you might want to get a map and a lonely planet guide to spain european ?
What is the Mexican equivalent to the IRS ?
`` Hacienda '' MX doesnt have IRS .
What 's another way to say ' taxes ' ?
impôts ( French ) :
P ( I 'm not French though ) Tariffs ?
Fucking shit !
which country is better ?
hey so i 've made a decision that im moving to another country in 2 years but i do n't know im confused here , first i need to learn one of these 2 languages dutch or french casue im going to move to France or netherlands so guys based on living or visiting or even knowing anything about these 2 countries where do you think is a better place ?
and im not talking about a better views and places to visit and stuff no im talking about it in a business way so where do you think is better in jobs , money , life , and this kind of stuff ?
thanks be more specific .
a general statement like `` better in jobs , money , life and this kind of stuff '' is too subjective .
also , i have no idea what level of education you already have , how old you are , if you already have work experience and what field you are looking to get into .
i also do not understand in what context you meant by `` im talking about it in a business way '' .
what exactly does this mean ?
for self - employment ?
for opening a business ?
or business in general in terms of job opportunities ?
:
S
also , in what context ?
in terms of the economy , where is france 's standing against the dutch economy .
also in terms of education ( i.e. do you aim to finish your degree ? )
.
perhaps you might want to look at unemployment rate , cost of living , career opportunities , general work culture .
also how easy it is to obtain a visa , etc.
only you can answer this after examining several factors .
good luck my choice would be the netherlands . .
which country is better ?
hey so i 've made a decision that im moving to another country in 2 years but i do n't know im confused here , first i need to learn one of these 2 languages dutch or french casue im going to move to France or netherlands so guys based on living or visiting or even knowing anything about these 2 countries where do you think is a better place ?
and im not talking about a better views and places to visit and stuff no im talking about it in a business way so where do you think is better in jobs , money , life , and this kind of stuff ?
thanks France of course .
What is the purpose of the design of these boxers ?
http://i53.tinypic.com/2zstk75.jpg @ Lolo : hahaha i can do MUCH worse than spermies lmao His girlfriend sits on his nose and says `` Lie to me , lie to me . ''
Pinochioo wants you to suck his nose , or however you spell his name Hahaha and i thought Spermies were bad .
Oh no this is not good lol Do you like crust on Italian pizzas ?
ignore that q How perverted am I on a scale from 1 to 10 How perverted are you ?
Crust issues lmao .
How perverted am I on a scale from 1 to 10 ?
6 How perverted are you ?
9 : ( How perverted am I on a scale from 1 to 10 : 8 How perverted are you : 4 a 7 ? a 7ish ? lol Setting up as a Sole Trader as a second job in New Zealand ? Just wondering if anyone knows the Tax requirements for setting up as a Sole Trader in New Zealand as a second source of income ? Do you have to pay secondary tax or is there a seperate tax for it ?
Thanks in advance Secondary tax codes
If you have more than one job , you need to work out which job gives you the highest income .
This job is your main job .
For all other jobs , you should generally use a secondary tax code , which means secondary tax will be deducted from that income .
If you have a part - time job and are also receiving an income - tested benefit , you need to use a secondary tax code for your part - time job .
What time will star singer jr be showing ?
I know it 's been moved to weekdays instead of weekends .
I know dance dance starts today .
So that means that star singer jr starts monday , but what time ?
It 's a reality show for kids who want to b singers .
It 's on asianet .
Any help would b appreciated .
thanks .
I put it in this section because I figured more women than men would b watching this reality show , and most indian women are the ones cooking , not men .
I know it 's a generality , sorry if it offends .
But I 'm just trying to get some accurate answers .
Thanks .
The reality show is based in Trivandrum also .
This is also y I put it in this specific locale .
Asianet Munch Star Singer Junior is a malayalam reality tv show for kids started by Malayalam TV channel .
i hope this is the one u r searching for the grand finale of munch star singer was over recently and for the next one auditions are taking place .
i dont know when the program will start .
jr ? ? ? ?
Have you dreamed of touching Rihanna pon di cherry ?
Yes .
Is it just me and the guys ?
Cam , Ric , Hanna etc have gone O_o SPITROAST ! ! !
I 'm leaving as well although I kinda do n't want to
play NICE * locks door * you 're not going anywhere * puts on surgical gloves * Is getting himself suspended repeatdely from Y !
A one of Sam 's favorite hobbies ?
It 's fun to get suspended .
I hope I never have fun .
It must be .
He 's on his 23rd account .
17th Birthday in Ottawa ?
I am trying to find a restaurant that would be good for a 17th birthday dinner in ottawa .
any suggestions ?
oh formal would be best ( : OMG I 'm from Ottawa too ... Maybe The Works ? Depends how formal you want . Is Bandung what 's left behind on stage after an all night concert ? only if Frank Zappa was up there ... ... . ( lol ) ... . . Zappa the crappa ... . he used to be called Yes , as interesting as it sounds , the leftover byproduct of an all - night concert is a really crappy experience ... dung ? Why is there no Peppa in Argentina ?
Hello !
Are there any people in Argentina ?
Now you 're acting very silly .
I 've never seen this side of you , lol .
HAHA good joke .
xD It 's hiding with Waldo .
what is with you and peppa ?
lol On the scale of sh't to sh't , how terrible has this week been ?
This has officially been the worst week of my life , I 'm not even over exaggerating . .
Today has just put the biggest sh'tter on the already big pile of sh't . .
Sorry to be a downer .
D'aw I 'm sorry , Hanna < 3 You alright ?
This week may have been really rubbish but just think of how great next week can be : ) Could be the best of your life .
I 'm sorry to hear that : ( * Hugs *
It 's been pretty repetitive and tiring , but otherwise it 's been alright .
It has been sh * t but I 'm not sure if it 's been the worst week of my life .
What happened today ?
you do n't have to share if it 's personal .
If Salta is the spice of life , what is Peppa ?
A rap singer lol
Remember that group Salt & Peppa
Its so weird looking down and not seen open questions in this category lol Something not found in Argentina ?
change my bedpan , please ?
What 's a lille thing that makes you laugh ?
... ... ... ... ... . .
my cat , when he ca n't decide whether he wants to meow or yawn ... . .
The bored , spaced out looks on peoples faces.I see it all the time : ) Sometimes when you 're randomly talking to yourself and then you realize you 're using an accent .
:
D Would this be a good life - time idea ?
I 'm thinking of leaving the boring U.S.A right after I graduate and get a citizenship , I want to live in Sao Paulo , language wo n't be an issue because I can speak Spanish and learning portuguese is really easy for Spanish speakers .
I do n't know how hard getting a job would be , but I think it will be easy for somebody that speaks 3 languages .
I could probably live my long - life dream of watching the WC final .
or should i study Community College for 2 years and then go to Brazil .
But I would graduate a month before the World Cup and probably after that , many people would be looking for a job , which will make it harder to stay there and get a good job .
I think you should do what your heart tells = ) If you like Brazil , come to Brazil !
Calgary Breakfast Delivery ?
Does anyone know of anywhere in calgary that delivers breakfast / late lunch ? ?
I doubt anyone delivers breakfast , as the eggs and pancakes / french toast will not last 15 minutes , much less a delivery time ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
Anyone want to do a contact survey ?
Name the contact that fits the description .
1 .
Got beat as a child 2 .
Would be an offensive lineman 3 .
Would live in Los Angeles 4 .
Averages or averaged a D - in school 5 .
Wo n't have any more kids or never have kids .
I would n't live in LA. It 's worse than Chicago .
I 'd go Long Beach .
@ K - Dawg - Would your parents fail you ?
1 .
Bear Down 2 .
C 3 .
K - Dawg 4 .
Bucky ( Pothead ) 5 .
Bear Down
@ K - Dawg :
Yea I read on of your answers saying that .
me 1 ) Jake 2 ) Jake 's mom 3 ) GTAP ( it 's close to San Diego ) 4 ) K - Dawg 5 ) ME
@ K - Dawg - homeshooled ?
Talk about the blind leading the blind .
How does this photo make you feel ?
http://www.fotohumoristike.com/albums/userpics/10001/3/normal_foto_humoristike_humor_foto_per_te_qesh73.jpg Avoid pregnancy , give head .
Extremely amused !
I thought it was hilarious !
Computer shuts down on itself , please help ?
My computer turns on and goes to the login screen and all of the icons are really large .
Then after maybe a min. it turns off and restarts again .
when i log in it says safe mode then turns off .
it started happening after all of the power turned off in our house .
what do u think the problem is and how can i solve it ?
It could be one of a million things .
You need a repairman .
Does anyone know of any food challenges in calgary ?
I love watching man v food and think it would be super fun to attempt a food challenge .
Anything would be great because ive been looking and cant really find much .
Make an awesome 10 - stacked pancakes , with all your favorite topings , and try mixing fruit in with the pancake mix , or even chocolate or something .
That 'll be fun for breakfast : ) ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
Is there anything fun to do / see in Victoria , B.C . ?
... aside from the typical Butchart Gardens ( I 'm not going there ) .
I have just heard about a restaurant on Fisherman 's Wharf , that has dining in the dark .
I have no idea what the name is but I bet many locals could tell you .
Also , there is a bus tour that takes you around town ... and out to the harbor .
There you can see many seals ready to be food you can purchase at a souvenir shop nearby .
Most everything can be done easily by walking .
They also have bicycle trolleys that can take you into small clubs and narrow alley ways .
Beautiful , clean city to visit .
the museum , movie theatre .
depending on the time of year there are fairs too What age does Tutti Frutti hire at ?
Hi , I was wondering what age Tutti Frutti breakfast&lunch restaurant hires at ?
Or at least can you tell me what you think most non-alcohol serving restaurants hire at ?
I 'm looking for a waitress / bus girl position : ) 16 What is a PAV ?
... shortbread cookie ?
. .
biscuit ?
http://mcdonalds.co.nz/#/home/promo3 A pav is short for Pavlova , it 's a traditional New Zeland / Australian dessert .
There 's some friendly conflict about where it originated from .
Basically it 's a meringue and gets it 's name from Anna Pavlova , the Russian ballet dancer , because it 's meant to be light like Anna Pavlova .
It 's soft in the middle and crunchy / chewy on the outside .
We usually put whipped cream on top of it and then sliced kiwifruit and strawberries .
It 's usually made with sugar , egg whites and sometimes corn flour .
It can easily be made gluten free ( which is why it 's popular in our family ) .
You kind of plonk it on a tray and then shape it with a spatula , you do n't put it in a cake tin .
It 's very easy to screw up if you do n't know what you 're doing , it often sinks .
My grandma is a pro , but she says you have to make sure it 's the right sort of weather outside and that you know your oven very well . .
I 've never tried it !
I 'm pretty sure Maccas ( McDonalds ) is bring out all these kiwi things for the rugby world cup .
If you look on that site you 'll also see Frozen L&P .
That 's worth a try = ) I had it the other day and it takes about an hour to drink , but it 's not too sweet .
It 's a classic NZ drink , you wo n't find it anywhere else = )
EDIT - Man you 're a loser Bay of Plenty . .
... . .
meringue basically that all Pav , is short for Pavlova , a meringue .
We are having trouble with our Tax Identification Number ?
My girlfriend worked for a certain call center before for almost 6 months .
She was promised that the company will be the one to process the TIN for her but they failed to give her one .
She went to the BIR and they said that they the company should process the TIN .
Now the problem starts , she was going back to school and about to resign and then she removed from the account for some reasons .
Now she is no longer part of the company .
Should she apply for a new TIN ?
its illegal to have multiple TINs right ?
what will happen to her tax that was deducted from her salary since she doesnt have any TIN ?
need help thank you hi : ) Is this the first question in this section ?
No but it seems to be the only open question atm I do n't think so .
no idea Any frees events in Ottawa ?
BarBQ Look at eh website for the city of Ottawa or the NCC ( National Capital Commission ) What is your favorite fast food restaurant ?
1 .
Steak ' n Shake
2 .
McDonald 's
:-) \ \ / / I love Steak ' n Shake .
What is your favorite casual dining place ?
1 .
Applebees
2 .
Golden Corral
3 .
Olive Garden
:-) \ \ / / I love the old fashioned corner diner / greasy spoons .
Currently , Big Sammies in Elgin , IL. In canada we got Canada 's fastest growing steak house .
Mr. Mikes What are some of the better places to dine near Lake Genova ?
Restaurant du Lac in Versoix is very nice and I would highly recommend the Auberge d'Hermance in Hermance .
L'Ermitage in Montreaux is great .
There are a lot of good places in Geneva .
There 's a fondue place near the library in the old town that 's good , but I do n't remember the name right now .
I 'll have to look through my photo albums to see if I can find the picture .
1 .
Relaisde L ' Entrecote
2 .
Restaurant Les Armures
3 .
Sam Lor
4 .
La Ttacttoria
5 .
Movenpick Restaurant Cendrier
6 .
Cafe du Soleil
http://www.travel.yahoo.com/p-travelguide-2792832-geneva_restaurants-i
:-) \ \ / / http://www.lonelyplanet.com/switzerland/lake-geneva-region/restaurants Along there will be a whole array of different types of restaurants from Asian cuisine to cafes .
http://www.port-tougues.net / They serve fish
http://planetburger.fr/index.html They serve burgers , paninis , tapas , etc.
http://www.bella-pizza.fr / They serve pizza
If all else fails there is a Mcdonalds .
Lol http://maps.google.com/maps?num=20&hl=en&biw=1366&bih=667&gs_upl=1582l15505l0l15735l40l39l2l22l22l0l195l2020l3.12l15l0&um=1&ie=UTF-8&q=mcdonalds+in+lake+geneva+switzerland&fb=1&gl=us&hq=mcdonalds&hnear=0x478c3c47b649314b:0x2a08ab2b249fdde0,Lake+Geneva&cid=0,0,13930974339763772420&ei=y1ZUTozVA8edqgG2voV7&sa=X&oi=local_result&ct=image&ved=0CAQQ_BI Do n't you love the Madden 12 commercial ... ?
where the Bears are getting destroyed .
Do n't worry Bear Down it 'll be on more .
Who does n't ?
Hell yea !
And Calvin Johnson catches a TD pass in it too !
Yeah I do because it 's one of those things you can only see once .
It would be like the Lions making the playoffs .
Can someone tell me how to post a question on here ?
Thanks I 've been trying and ca n't figure it out .
troll - -- - Really ?
U go to yahoo answers on google click on it and it should say ask on the top I want to work at pizza hut but I 'm 14 I 'm going to be fifteen in 4 months in 2012 can I still work at pizza h ?
Not sure .
Maybe not , you need to be atleast 16 but who knows , you can try applying You ca n't work until youre 16 You can only do work experience at pizza hut until you are 16 and have your national insurance number card because u cant officially work and get paid until your 16 and have your national insurance number card .
is argentina a good place for a business ?
i depends ... ... you ask very strange questions haha yes I think it is .
Argentina is a developing country .
check out these .
http://www.worldbusinessculture.com/Business-in-Argentina.html http://www.inc.com/magazine/201106/doing-business-in-argentina.html How does my brother do it ?
I share a room with my older brother and he 's 17 and I 'm 15 .
we 've seen each other naked , and we 've masturbated with the other able to look , so its no big deal between us to be nude .
Once right after waking up in the morning he told me he was showing me something and he got up and put his hands behind his head while his penis was erect and towards me .
I though he was flexing since he 's muscular and he was showing off .
He told me to wait and just watch his thing , and after a while his penis started moving around and he started ejaculating his load without touching himself !
How does he do this ? ?
He showed me two other separate times , but he never tells me how he does it .
So ... wait ...
You watch your brother masturbate ?
That 's not normal dude .
At all .
hahahahaha duuude good question , good question ...
I do n't know either .
Sometimes when I was younger , I 'd get so horny fantasizing about sex I could come without touching myself , but usually I 'd have to ' flex ' my penis repeatedly .
That could be what he 's doing .
Frankly , it 's not good to be able to come that easily .
He may have trouble with premature ejaculation later .
About all you can do is - sometime when you are getting along pretty good - say , ' Hey , would you teach me how to do that thing ?
you know that thing you do where you can make yourself come without touching yourself ?
I really want to try it , but I have no idea how .
What are some decent places to dine at in Austria ?
the wife and I may dine there next year when we tour Europe .
http://www.realtravel.com/df-1021-austria_restaurants
:-) \ \ / / Madame Houdini where are you ?
* starts singing the scooby doo theme * She 'll be here Soon !
Anouk - this question is for you ?
All hail the poet extraordinaire .
Sacre Blue Humanite xD Why ca n't there be a question for me ?
He was supposed to pay 200f my wages as witholding tax .
I called IRD - no money has come through .
However , my pay amounts were lessened ( I was paid 800f my earnings , as the other 20 % were paid to ' IRD ' ) so no idea what he did with all that money .
He has done this to all 4 of his employers .
What can we do to get him caught ?
We will end up having to pay our tax again - he refuses to even provide us with our payslips !
I would say ird too , or anyone in the government perhaps .
Try calling them again or threaten your employer that you guys will report him In the USA we call the IRS .
So you need to call the Taxing Authority in your country Call A&W Business Solutions .
You can find them at www.awbusiness-solutions.com .
The owner always answers during business hours .
He is GREAT with these kind of things .
Other than that , if he ca n't help you or does n't have the right suggestions , check back because I will do some more looking around for you .
Thanks , hope he helps .
www.SoldiersOfMarketing.com good restaurant for a birthday ?
what are good restaurants to celebrate a birthday in in San Antonio ?
Incredible Pizza Co. http://www.incrediblepizza.com/sanantonio
Biga Riverwalk Restaurant ( a little more upscale ) www.biga.com
Magic Time Machine http://www.magictimemachine.com / one of the best chains on the planet is pizzeria uno .
there is a sports bar there but they serve great food .
a little bit of everything on the menu .
the cheesecake factory .
they have something EVERYONE likes does any one work at Hooters in Calgary , Canada ?
I 'm considering to apply there .
I 'm a waitress at Red Lobster , but I would like to make more money for school .
I know you can make good tips at Hooters .
I 'm just wondering how much a waitress make a night at Hooters in SE , Calgary as I may apply there if the tips are good .
If anyone works there can answer , it would be great .
I appreciate a lot .
Thank I do , i have been for 2 summers , i make about 250 a night .
who write the letter to my friend ?
he says that he saw a letter is slipped on a table from the window , but he did n't get a chances to see the sender `` s faces .
he says he heard a running sound after the letter is slipped on the table .
the letter is sent at 6.45 am .
he says the letter is sent at the back of the house .
huh ?
Why 5 a 7 in Montreal on Thursdays , not on Fridays ?
May be in other places also like this , not sure , but here people usually do their 5 a 7 on Thursdays .
When I lived in Montreal , 5 - 7 were Monday to Thursday , this is to bring in patrons on quieter days .
It makes no sense to have specials on days ( Friday , Saturday ) when people are going to clubs and they will be busy What kind of things are there for a single guy to do in Winnipeg for a day or two ?
I 'm going to a Jets game this October .
I 've been to Winnipeg a few times , but usually just went to events and then to the bars / clubs .
I think I 'll skip that this time so I was wondering about some other things to do in the city itself that some of you might know about .
Thanks It depends on the weather , I worked there for 2 months in the 1980 ' s and was there for 3 weeks again in 2002 , both times it was unseasonably cold , try to see the city as much as you can , have a Salsbury House burger or 2 , get down town to Portage and Main the MTS centre is not far from there .
chat to girls around there mate and taste the flavour mate What is going on in the football section ?
Is everything getting deleted or is Y !
f * cked up again ?
it 's all about the trolls , my friend .
Reporter Trolls They reported 4 of my questions yesterday , I appealed using the method I told you about before , and got them reinstated and they are still on the first page .
I loves BBQ Grilled foods ?
But I do n't know how to make that , any one know where i can get the full details , I am living in Cochin , Kerala Hi
There is one company in Kochi , they are supplying BBQ Grill & Charcoal and type of Recipe and instructions
Greens BBQ Grill & Charcoal Vayanasala Jn , Thengode P.O Kakkanad , Kochi -30
Mob : 0960 528 3350 Actually BBQ and grilling are two different styles for cooking .
BBQ is when you slow cook food whereas grilling is fast cooking .
Both can be done on a gas or a charcoal grill .
If your using a charcoal grill , make sure that you clean the grill with a brush and may use cooking spray on the part used to cook food so that the food wo n't stick .
You then put a pile of decent charcoal like Kingsford and use lighter fluid .
Light it then wait until the coals are white then you can start grilling .
If you are using a gas grill , place lava rocks in the bottom of the grill and attach the propane tank .
Then mix soap with water and check the connection by applying the connection to the valve , then open it .
If it bubbles , then close the valve .
Start the gas then light it .
Grills can be cheap or expensive .
Charcoal ones seem to be cheaper .
When cooking , the food can taste better if you add rubs to food or put it in a marinade .
If you 're using barbecue sauce , do it at around the end of cooking .
You can use a whole variety of foods like meats , vegetables , even pizza .
http://www.ehow.com/how_18259_barbecue-baby-back.html http://www.ehow.com/how_2070243_barbecue-chicken.html A couple examples .
Hope it helps .
how much tips can I make a night at a bar ?
I 'm a college student .
I would like to work at a bar to save money for my tuition .
I 'm just wondering how much tips I can make a night at a bar and what bars in Calgary is the best place to have decent tips .
I 'm looking forward to your respond , especially from someone 's own experiences .
Thanks .
I know a bartender who does n't make jack , maybe average of 10 dollars an hour .
But I know of another bartender at brew pub who pulls in any where from 150 to 300 dollars a night which is pretty damn good to just pour drinks and keep track of tabs etc. Depends how short your skirt is Why did you quiver when I licked your ?
Ice Cream cuz i was hoping you would lick something else Cause the cone was really my penis : )
I swear I am not stalking you dude , lol I read it as `` ... when I licked your Naples '' Detroit Contacts , and Detroit hating contacts ... .
can we all agree on 1 thing ?
Boobies rock , all in favor say TITTES !
Im in the living room , i dont trust that link atm Titties !
Titties ?
You mean like this ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyAA-Hu0eHk Titties .
help need doctor / medical person ?
Hey ok so i already posted a question before this one because i keep feeling weak , drained , dizzy , unbalanced and i cant stand bright lights ( dont worry alredy had that type of meningitis so.its all good : P ) and i went to the doctor the results for my blood test will be back but i was just wondering if my eyes say im anemic .
http://twitpic.com/6bqef3 comment below with what you think .
Oh and the doctor also have suspiviona of it being an aura and said if my bloods came back clear they would do an eg test on.me or something like that they keep you over night looks for epilepsy ?
Just wondering what is this test ?
Its not an ecg thy already did one of those were they measure your heartbeat and put stickythings on you .
K thank you for answering .
I want to be a nurse or doctor wen im.older so these things interest me : ) ( im 16 btw ) that 's an electro encephalogram .
it 's like an ECG but this time it monitors your brain activity .
taking vitamin B helps coz it 's good for the nerves as well as vitamin c. Whatever happened to BTelsh ?
I dont see him anymore He is going to try to be back once school starts , apparently .
http://answers.yahoo.com/activity?show=sxTPYoM5aa He left about a month ago because of the trolls .
Ya he left but is coming back .
Can you please tale me the date when krishna janmasthami celebrate in the year 1971 ?
krishna janmasthami in 1971 22 Aug it 's peanut butter silly goose 22 aug Do you have to pay tax to the government if you live from home ?
If I were self emplyed and living from home would I have to pay tax to the government obviously i 'd have to pay tax to my parents but would still have to pay tax to the government If you live from home ?
If ?
As opposed to where ?
Living on the streets ?
Under a bridge ?
In the US ?
You dont pay taxes to your parents .
If you are self employed you need to file when you hit a profit of $ 400 or more .
You 'd pay tax to the government on your net profits and you might make a contribution for your keep to your parents .
I am a resident of spain and student in the united states - what form do I use to exempt me ... . ?
I am a resident of spain and student in the united states - what form do I use to exempt me from the $ 5,000 tax exemption ?
If you were in the United States for less than 183 you can file 1040 - NR. Otherwise you will have to file form 1040 to see how much tax you owe .
my email account is not working ?
This has what to do with taxes ?
I have no idea what you are talking about ?
You have 69 characters left .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVDSdDoD4Sg&NR=1 come closer and i will make it clear Reported .
Be specific .
How long does it take for a pig to grow wings ?
BQ :
I would probably tie them up to a chair and take them down to the gentle mans club where Jake 's mom works on Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons .
I would make the troll accept lap dance after lap dance until the smell became overwhelming and he / she died .
To the trolls defense though this would only take 1 or 2 dances .
5 years .
BQ :
Had it over to you guys and let you pick the punishment .
Or you strap them to a wall , have the executioner cut off their d !
ck , and put hot women in front of them .
3 - 5 years .
BQ :
Please e-mail me about him / her .
Where is a good place to celebrate my 30th Birthday in San Antonio , TX ?
My Thoughts were ...
For about 10 - 15 people
Appetizers and / or dinner ( drinks )
Dancing afterward ( club , bar , etc. . )
It can be multiple locations ... start at one place and then move on .
Or just stay in one area , I 'm really open to anything .
Thanks for your help ...
I have n't lived here long , and I really do n't know the area quite yet , but I really want to have a good time ! ! !
: ) http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=Ak0Hjd7.l5yuTzY9.mrc0hOHNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurants&csz=San+Antonio
http://local.yahoo.com/results?p=entertainment&csz=San+Antonio%2C+TX&ycatfilt=96925816
http://local.yahoo.com/results?p=bars&csz=San+Antonio%2C+TX&ycatfilt=96926057 Mi Tierra has been my favorite place to dine in San Antonio for many years .
Yes it draws tourists but unlike most other places ( any / every place on the Riverwalk comes to mind ) it does n't sell or serve tourist trap fare .
Nourish the body and the soul , lively spirits from the bar and festive atmosphere will guarantee a good time for all .
Not into the club scene , ca n't help you there .
My Place My Place My Place
I live at the Dominion !
Are there any decent vegetarian restaurents in Gualguaychu ?
Price not an issue .
Good food is !
The website www.happycow.net gives a listing of vegetarian restaurants anywhere in the world .
Yes they gat 1 I know .
Are there any Restaurants in Auckland that have live music and a space designed for romantic dancing ?
I am looking for a place to take my girlfriend out for a meal that also has some space for us to do some dancing to live music .
Its preferable to be affordable but any suggestions would be great , i am not that used to this thing but i know she would love it .
It does n't have to be a massive dance floor but just a space that is used for it in a restaurant .
The perfect place would have outdoor seating around a outside dance floor with a kind of trellis with grapes above it looking out over the water .
Also pretty outside lights and all the cool stuff .
I want to impress here , if there is something like that itd be great to know of it .
: ) Or anything close to that I 'm not familar with the waterfront area but there are 10 places listed here to consider if there is on that will meet your style .
http://www.viewauckland.co.nz/search.aspx?cx=018047781634374622156%3Agonugeoi5jm&cof=FORID%3A11&ie=UTF-8&hq=-inurl%3Ahttps&q=Waterfront+dinining+and+dancing#1220 There would be a restaurant where you guys could dance and stuff but not really that i 'd know of .
The grapes and water and all that is a bit too much though and positive there would n't be many .
You 'd have to design one for yourselves Anyone other than me from pune ?
namaskar to you all i am in pune from nov 2010 Nah .
Do n't even know where Pune is .
Namaskar but I am not from Pune .
What is your favorite fine dining restaurant to eat at ?
Bern 's Steak House ! !
:-) \ \ / / friendlys and big franks Anywhere.God got me thinking about food now .
Answer Mine
answers.yahoo.com / question / index ; -- ylt = AqXIfNm8nrNgiwSwxmC14Ifsy6IX ; -- ylv = 3 ?
qid = 20110828141837AAxoPER .
How Many Tim Hortons locations are there in Halifax , NS , Canada ?
I know there are over 2800 in canada , but how many are there in Nova Scotia and more to the point , Halifax itself ?
I live in Halifax and it seems like there is over 50 if not more .
Sounds like a lot but is it ?
Please tell me , thanks : ) .
Look at the Tim Horton 's website or ask one of the stores Exactly 203.7 There are 35 How do deaf people know if you 're yawning or screaming ?
LOL If their eyes are shut they 're yawning
Boom !
Eyebrows ?
Stretching ?
The weird mouth thing people do after they yawn that looks like they 're tasting something , maybe Do you anything planned in the next 2 hours ?
I have to pack a weeks worth of stuff , find my passport , get ready & drive to birmingham airport
& im sat here procrastinating on yahoo answers Seattle , I probably should of done some research .
I didnt even know it was in Washington till about an hour ago Have fun :
D
I may go to sleep LOL I got to pack .
I 'm goin to the Jersey Shore Bitch !
lol nothing really Is it safe to give out your TIN ( tax identification number ) in the Philippines ?
I am renting an apartment and my landlady said she needed my TIN because it 's needed in some documents they need to submit to BIR .
This seems an unusual request since I 've rented units in different cities before , and my previous landladies never asked for it .
I suggest you ask what particular document your landlady needed to fill - out .
There is a new regulation of BIR on tenant transparency but it applies more to those tenants engaged in trade or business and not to private tenants not engaged in trade or business .
If she refers to the said new regulation , I believe you do not need to give it to her.Hope this little comment helps .
I would n't do that if I were you .
Not safe Sacramento conference for a week this Sept. .
what are some great bars and restaraunts to try ?
Thanks ?
For age groups around 25 - 35 Aha , whether it 's for dining or nightlife , Sacramento wo n't disappoint you .
So , you 'd better seize this chance to experience the wonderful dining and nightlife in Sacramento .
Here are just some of the best restaurants in Sacramento you should try .
* Moxie Restaurant ( New American cuisine ) - 2028 H St. * Ella Dining Room and Bar ( American cuisine ) - 1131 K St. * Biba Restaurant ( Italian cuisine ) - 2801 Capitol Ave. * Bangkok Garden ( Thai cuisine ) - 3203 Arena Blvd. * The Firehouse Restaurant ( American cuisine ) - 1112 2nd St. * Frank Fat 's ( Chinese cuisine ) - 806 L St. * Tres Hermanas ( Mexican cuisine ) - 2416 K St.
All of these restaurants are much sought after by both locals and Sacramento travelers .
You can choose your favorite one to sample , according to your flavor or location .
As for bars , what do you exactly mean ?
Do you mean nightclubs ?
Here are some great nightclubs in Sacramento .
Anyway , these bars could ensure you a great night .
* Tropicana Club ( 1696 Arden Wy . )
* De Vere 's Irish Pub ( 1521 L St. ) * Faces ( 2000 K St. ) * Azukar Lounge ( 1616 J St. ) * Old Ironsides ( 1901 10th St. )
Actually , Sacramento has lots of great bars and restaurants .
If the above - mentioned ones are not your likings , you may choose your favorite one from this link : http://www.sacramentohotelsinfo.com/bars-sacramento
By the way , there are many great attractions in Sacramento , like Old Sacramento , California State Railroad Museum and California State Capitol .
If possible , be sure to make an exploration of the city .
Besides restaurants and bars , you also can find attractions and things to do in Sacramento from this link .
It may help you anyway .
Have a great time !
Go to Old Sacramento !
Whats the busiest bar / club to go to on Mondays in Ottawa ?
I want to go out tonight but I know Mondays arent exactly the best days to go out so I was wondering where it is busy .
Most of the bars in the Market , Grace O'Malleys in Nepean or off St. Laurent The Mayflower on Elgin st , , tiny but nice . .
Which term is correct ?
Caps lock is caps lock , obviously enough .
But when you take it off , is it UNcaps locking or caps UNlocking ?
Caps lock on , caps lock off
And this has to do with food how ? ?
Caps lock off , turning off caps lock .
Caps Lock then Caps Unlock .
Where in Ottawa can I buy beeswax sheets ?
I am looking for beeswax sheets for rolling candles , I looked at michaels and they didnt have it , does anyone know where in ottawa I can get it ?
online I have seen them in the Bulk Barns here in T.O , with the organic soaps , check the Yellow Pages under craft and Candle making supplies , even a long shot a Bee Keeping supply place or Apiary / Honey Farm .
What are some things for teens to do in OLD SAC , CA ?
Hi my girlfriend lives a little ways from me and she always has her parents drive her close to my house when we go out and i was thinking it be cool if we could just spend the whole day together by her home .
So i figured Old sac might be a good place to go .
i was just hoping for maybe a list of activities for a day .
Thanks a ton for whomever answers !
i need the help heh Thats exactly what my dads boss said !
omfg too funny haha There are all sorts of things to do there .
When we get up that way it 's via our boat , and we stay at the docks on the river .
I love the old candy store in town and the nice restaurants along the river .
Here 's the link to some things to dod there .
http://oldsacramento.com/history.php Bang hookers and rail some lines of cocaine Walk around have lunch , go to the downtown plaza What is the best run restaurant in your area ?
Puerto Vallarta iifa hotel 5 star ... ...
What is the name of the bar with the best taco 's in town ?
taco bell raw chicken should customers handle in Restaurants ?
We had this pleasure in a Spanish WOK Restaurant ... .
seems wrong .
You put the chicken on a plate with the other food you pick then the chef puts it into a WOK ...
I would think customers using one shared pair of tongs to pick up the RAW chicken is an accident waiting to happen .
Frankly anyone that eats food in Spain is lucky to be alive .
These people eat raw ham that is hanging in shops filled with flies , nose picking waiters , sweaty customers and hawking cigarette smokers .
Spanish milk is disgusting and turns in an instant .
Their cheese is foul and any dairy product has to be treated with suspicion .
Dont eat chicken , other poultry , sea food , salads or any food that is unpeeled .
The water will make you sick and the people and facilities are filthy .
most toilets smell like a donkey died there and washing is even less frequent than the french , who are particularly revolting .
Women dont shave their legs and armpits and sometimes it is impossible to tell which are men and which are girls .
It is , mention it to trading standards , or the Spanish equivalent .
As long as they same tongs were not used both with raw and cooked chicken , it is fine .
Am i the only one who is n't getting the 999 error thingy ?
i got it in the morning .
but i think it went away .
YAY !
No , I asked a question about that cause I was n't getting it either .
Hmm ... we must be the chosen ones .
woo is you
did I say woo meant woe German food stand used to eat at ?
When I lived in Germany I lived on patch barracks and I am trying to remember the name of this food stand that was on the base and in a lot of other places I went to in the stuttgart area .
I know it had rotisserie chicken that was cooked at the stand but the also had potato salad and really good ribs does anyone know what this place was called German food where could i get internal d = 70mm tube in Paris ?
where could i get internal d = 70mm tube in Paris ?
PVC tube .
if you know , could you tell me the name and location of the store ?
I do n't know the name of the store but it 's in Monparnasse .
Copacabana Steakhouse Niagara Falls Prices ?
I will be going to Copacabana restaurant in Niagara Falls on Friday night .
I 've heard it can be a bit expensive and the website is down .
I was hoping someone would be able to tell me what the cost is per person on a Friday night ( cost varies throughout the week ) I have been to the outlet here in Toronto on Eglinton Av East , it is around $ 12 for lunch and $ 20 + for dinner ( Fri - Sun is more , mid week is less ) with the side dishes and salad bar , you can choose smaller portions , but this kind of service , Brazilian Churrascara , is like the Portuguese style , they bring the meats , chicken , sausages , lamb and carve at your table , you have disk with a red or green side , to eat you put the green side up , red will stop until your ready again to start or ask for the bill .
Where could I go for fine dining ?
I have never been in a fine dining restaurant like Hell 's Kitchen .
Is there anything like that in Ohio ?
Here 's a whole bunch of places in Cincy .
http://www.cincyusa.com/dining/index.php?start=0 yes its called sonic : ) Depends on the type of cuisine you 're after .
Jag 's Steakhouse , located just north of Cincinnati in West Chester , OH is absolutely wonderful .
Are there any sushi places in san diego that sell specialty no - seafood rolls ?
my friend is allergic to seafood .
you can get the vegetable roll or the cucumber roll at Taka sushi Tel : ( 619 ) 338 - 0555 555 5th Avenue San Diego CA 92101 Open :
Sun - Thu 5:30pm - 9:30pm Fri - Sat 5:30pm - 10:30pm Uh ... no seafood in sushi ?
What were you expecting , raw chicken ? ? ? ? ?
Seriously - think before asking .
There are some vegetables rolls - kappa roll is cucumber , for example , is usually a standard in any sushi restaurant with an actual sushi chef .
Some places will have shredded and marinated carrot and daikon around and they can make a roll out of that .
But unless you find some vegan place making fake , funked up sushi - like logs , you are n't going to find non-seafood sushi .
That 's like asking for non-seafood chowder ... what is the point ?
Sheesh .
Well there is a vegetarian / vegan place called `` Sipz fusion cafe '' absolutely delicious and they just recently added many mach fish items to the menu .
I know they have a ton of rolls like Caterpillar rolls ( to die for ) , spring rolls with mach shrimp , etc. I 'm not sure if that counts as sushi , but its the best alternative .
con que asocias estas palabras ?
Regla = Cita = Cabeza = Morder = Cepillar = Centimetro =
= S Regla = Dibujo tcnico Cita = Paso por ti a las 7 !
Cabeza = Pensar Morder = Comida / Hambre Cepillar = Restregar ( Sinnimo e_e ) Centmetro = Distancia entre un punto y otro ( a b )
= S
y t , con que los relacionas ?
Hmm , this brings back old high school Spanish classes from the 1980s .
I 'm going to go with :
Rule / law City Head To murder ( I do n't know ) Centimeter Yo asocio una persona que no entiende que un sitio ingls necesita comunicaciones EN INGLS .
Y que no entiende que significa DINING OUT .
Y que no hace su propia tarea .
what the best night life ?
adventure and restaurant in Hawaii ?
am planning a trip to Hawaii .
The best night life is on the island of Oahu , the island on which Honolulu is located .
There is a little nightlife on Maui , and almost no nightlife on Kauai , the Big Island of Hawaii , Lanai , and Molokai .
There are numerous good restaurants on Oahu and Maui , much less on the other islands .
Aloha , Maui Jon Are there any fast food restaurants near the US border with Texas ?
There is a Mcdonalds near Carrizo Springs with another east of I 35 and Carrizo Springs .
There are several Burger Kings located along the border .
One is near Pierdas Negras , one near Ciudad Miguel Aleman , and one near Rio Grande City .
There are several Wendy 's located near Pierdas Negras , Ciudad Acuna , and Uvalde .
Those are a few .
There are a few Long John Silvers near Pierdas Negras , Ciudad Acuna , Uvalde , and Rio Grande City
There is a Taco Bell in Pierdas Negras
There are several Pizza Huts near Alpine , Ciudad Acuna , Pierdas Negras , Uvalde , and Corpus Christi
Hope it helps .
The US does n't have a border with texas because TX is a part of the US .
( Whether Texans like it or not . )
You mean on the Mexican side from Mexico , right ?
Yes there are several fast food outlets located within 50 miles of any major crossing from the USA to Mexico So my ex had a very bad summer ?
http://x3d.xanga.com/76b811e6d2d40257482234/m167343996.gif
I 'm an awful person Hannah you killed him O_o LOL my ex does n't exist O_o LMAO it looks like he 's ready to suck a dick
whats he doing roflmao Where is C 's man from ?
oh i see how it is !
nice ;
D good luck !
I think it came from a movie that was made back in 1949 called c man .
There is also a definition of it on urban dictionary .
True or false :
Sister Cam come fi mash it up ?
I do n't know what your talking about .
So ... what country are you living in at the moment ?
That 's awesome .
: ) England blaaaaad .
Till the 29th .
I 'm so jelly of Cam , she goes all over : ( Brasil . Best chinese , vietnamese food in San Antonio ? I recently went on a trip with my wife and friends to Houston to visit others friends . We were taken to a restaurant called Mais which was a vietnamese restaurant ... OMG it was so good . I hav n't tried food here in San Antonio quite like it . Does anyone have any suggestions on where they would have some really good Orange Chicken , Lemon Chicken or Egg Rolls ... Anyone have suggestions ? Chinese :
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=AvD3F9P8UWd8ChZGJMLUr.aHNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurants&ycatfilt=96926164&csz=San+Antonio%2C+TX&sortby=topresults
Vietnamese :
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=AvD3F9P8UWd8ChZGJMLUr.aHNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurants&ycatfilt=96926175&csz=San+Antonio%2C+TX&sortby=topresults Have you looked at Yelp ?
Try here : http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=vietnamese+restaurant&ns=1&find_loc=san+antonio Now that BTelsh is back , can we try and get along till Week 1 of the NFL season . . ?
till the Bears lose to Atlanta Week 1 .
He is a good poster , glad he is back , but we will still be cut throat .
XD Nope , the Lions are on their way to an 0 - 16 season , why would I give up on enjoying that .
I highly doubt that we can get along .
But , the Bears wo n't beat Atlanta .
They wo n't be able to stop Ryan .
where can i get a good banana split in montreal ?
Preferably in NDG or downtown .
any dairy shack really , they all get their ice cream from the same place so it will pretty much all taste the same .
dial 9897858 ask for banana Name of this Quebec mini dish ?
When I was in Quebec city . .
I ate at a cafeteria at a local university and they served a dish that had carrots , raisins and some type of sauce or dressing ?
I 'm just trying to figure out the name of it . .
If anyone knows ? ? ? ?
It was n't poutine ( because that is fries with cheese and sauce ) !
Thanks I make a salad like that , with grated carrots , raisins , green onions , celery and I use a cole slaw or mayonnaise dressing .
we dont call it anything , its just what it is , a side dish of glazed carrots with raisins in it .
Petite Marmite How would you feel if I dedicated this to you ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWIhwplfx4Q
♥ -- ♥ like makin babies ; ) Rape you ?
thanks ? ? ?
Do you keep promises ?
Do you all promise you wo n't leave by October ?
D :
It 's always me left on my larry , until the next lot of P&S regulars come around .
* Cries * lool Eric ;
D
Raja - Ah : \ I think most of us will be busy apart from Fri - Sun !
Cam - No !
dammit : ( I do n't make any because i never keep em lol
I ca n't promise that , i want to quit after summer D :
edit - you never know .
Things can change !
sometimes .
yes * smirks * I ca n't promise that I have classes in the afternoon which is around this time
not to mention gym and studying - -- - Would you dance with him ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELZpI7Yub_8 C :
You think he can be in your cousin 's crew ?
: p No thank you .
Not a chance Maybe his girlfriend ?
how many Asians in the cities ?
can Asians migrate ?
We are everywhere .
There are more Asians than any other race in the world .
In China alone , there are more Chinese people who can speak , read , and write fluent English than all the people in the entire population of the United States .
In fact , with a population of 1.5 billion , if you are `` one in a million '' in China , there are 1500 other people just like you .
Do n't forget Japan , Thailand , Cambodia , Burma , Laos , Hong Kong , Vietnam , Malaysia , the Koreas , Tibet , Nepal , all the Asia - Pacific Islanders , and all the other east - Asian countries .
We are everywhere in every nation and kingdom .
And yes , we can pronounce `` L '' .
Only Japanese and Koreans have trouble with them .
.
Asians are everywhere !
and of course they migrate ... so do spanish , white and black !
rots and rots and rots !
( Asians ca n't pronounce the letter `` L '' )
Eons ago when the world was only one solid mass , the Asians migrated ! ! !
Where can i find a restaurant in Wagga that serves roast dinner ?
I 'm looking for somewhere that i can take my dad for fathers day where we can have roast dinner .
The RSL is always a good chance to serve a roast The Hippity Hoppity Road Side Diner in Wigga ( just outside Wagga ) serves the best roasted red kangaroo roast dinner to be found anywhere .
Flippyyyy floppyyyyyys . ?
But floppy discs only hold one megabyte of memory ... !
No , actually , I prefer Converseeee .
I prefer shoes .
I am from chennai , i would like to get sodexo meal vouchers , will they give those for individual persons or on ?
I am from chennai , i would like to get sodexo meal vouchers , will they give those for individual persons or only companies can order / buy sodexxo meal vouchers .
If individual person can buy , what will be minimum order ( In rupees ) to get the vouchers u can get it through companies only .
Kevin joe brown chemical engineer in ottawa canada is he cheater ?
he said he are working at Malaysia petrona oil offshore platform can u check is trurh ?
Why ask this in dining out ?
Why ?
Cheater and a secret gay .
Why ?
Nobody cares except you .
Go call the company he works for and ask for the HR department .
are there any rajasthani or gujrati or marwari restaurants in lucknow ?
NO Do that again ... ... ... . . ?
but harder I wish I had someone to whisper that in my ear D :
C = = = 8 ( U get it ? hahah ) JK !
Giggity !
Was Donegal in northern Ireland in 1922 ?
No donegal was never in northern ireland .
But part of it is in northern ireland now .
Although it is part of county londonderry , it became part of county londonderry when james 1 came to ni and planted us all here at that time he decided to make the county larger and took land from the east side of county londonderry and tyrone and then west of the river foyle .
quote from site : `` This new county would comprise the then County Coleraine , which consisted of the baronies of Tirkeeran , Coleraine , and Keenaght ; all but the south - west corner of the barony of Loughinsholin , which was then a part of County Tyrone ; the North East Liberties of Coleraine , which was part of County Antrim ; and the City and Liberties of Londonderry , which were in County Donegal .
( 26 ) ( 27 ) The liberties of Coleraine and Londonderry were requested by the Irish society so that they could control both banks of the mouths of the River Foyle and the River Bann and have access to sufficient wood for construction .
( 28 ) No. Donegal was never part of NI , it was n't enclosed in the statelet as it would have tipped the demographics in favour of the nationalist community .
no , i dont think so , i know that east donegal was talked about being incorporated into nothern ireland though cos there was and still is a protestant majority what are some good 18 + night clubs in San Diego County ?
can anyone give me some names of good night clubs ( dance , alcohol ) that are 18 + in the San Diego County area , with a dress code , not too expensive too get in or free , or Riverside County area .
I just turned 23 , my gf is only 20 : ( so got ta stick to 18 + clubs for now http://www.maystardesigns.com/ravesandclubs.html http://www.nctimes.com/articles/2007/03/05/news/inland/3407194001.txt http://www.infernosd.com /
Club Venus 7200 El Cajon Blvd near SDSU Info ( 619 ) 501 - VENU ( 619 ) 501 - 8368 Club 911 1340 Broadway El Cajon Info ( 619 ) 441 - 1800 featuring `` Goliath '' sound system Margarita Rocks , Oceanside 212 N. Tremont St. Oceanside , CA 92054 Info ( 760 ) 967 - 7699 or ( 760 ) 439 - 2190 18 + on Wednesdays and Sundays Club Fusion ( Under 21 club high school / college ages ) 775 Metcalf Street Escondido , CA 92025 Info ( 760 ) 741 - 9393 open friday & saturday www.fusionlaser.com The Edge Nightclub 28822 Old Town Front St , Temecula , CA 92590 Info ( 909 ) 694 - 1911 closed ?
Cathedral by Club Xanth fridays midnight till dawn all ages 6502 El Cajon blvd San Diego , CA 92115 ( inside the catering hall ) Info ( 619 ) 696 - 9268 www.clubxanth.com Have a Nice Day Cafe 428 C Street San Diego , CA Info ( 619 ) 702 - 2400 Buon Giorno Ristorante 4110 Bonita Rd , Bonita , CA 91920 Info ( 619 ) 475 - 2660 Club Xanth building SHUT DOWN at the moment check website for updates www.clubxanth.com 4225 30th Street San Diego , CA Info ( 619 ) 584 - 2720
Hope this helped !
Below night club downtown is 18 + on Friday nights .
Best way to party at Gold cost - Australia ?
Me and my friends are going to Gold Coast during the month of October for V8 Car Race , i would like to know which are the best clubs to Party and i also found few web sites who organize party http://www.wickedbucks.com.au/gold_coast_bucks_stag_party_packages.html , please tell me if its worth spending money to this company .
Most clubs at the Gold Coast are very good , especially ones close by to the ocean .
From clicking on your link I think you 've found some really fun places for a good night out .
Why not ask your friends as well for their opinion : ) Gold Cost is expensive .
Have you considered silver or even copper cost .
It is much cheaper .
So I 'm a downer and super depressed in Cam 's eyes ?
But it in a somewhat upbeat way ?
I do n't get it but I feel special lol .
@ Callum , more like a fxcked up couple of months lol
^ wow , I really am a depressing downer lol @ Cam lol ah .
Well lol it 's the truth oh well .
It 's a good song .
You seemed really down when i was reading your Profile lol < 3
Also callum was sad D :
bt - of course you are !
It 's a song ?
o_O i feel really stupid now lol You 're not a downer you 've just had a fucked up couple of week Hanna : )
True just recently it seemed to be worse but ehh , hopefully once you 're settled in at college and have some good ideas for your art and stuff it 'll get better is n't that how we all are ?
lol What is a good place to get a burger in your country ?
1 .
McDonald 's
2 .
Steak ' n Shake
3 .
Hardees
:-)
\ \ / / In and out I live in Chicago ( USA ) and we have a fast food chain called `` Portillo 's '' It 's the best !
What is Cork ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
A Town in Ireland ?
the rubber top stuck in a wine bottle .
the thing used to cap a wine bottle Why is Peyton Manning better than Tom Brady CORK CORK CORK CORK ?
Peyton Manning is better than Tom Brady in every way , and Peyton once said that Cork was his favorite place to eat The comment about Payton 's favorite place to eat may be the Cork and Barrel in Knoxville , Tennessee How do you spell the word `` COKR '' ?
C - O - R - K with the `` C '' Capitalized and the rest in lowercase letters : ) CORK IS THE WAY YOU SPELL IT .
ku goo Electrical Insulation Material , electric motors , transformer , generators , mechanical , Electronics ?
insulation material for electric motors and transformer .
1 ) epoxy phenolic glass cloth laminated sheet , 2 ) phenolic paper laminated sheet , 3 ) phenolic cotton cloth laminated sheet Yancheng Hengsheng Insulation Co. , Ltd Web : http://www.hsinsulation.com Email : hsinsulation@yahoo.com.cn What exactly is your question ?
Are you looking for someone to hire ?
Looking to buy listed products ?
CounterSwarm ' Em !
Tax question on expatriates ?
I 'm a Chinese expatriate who has a permanent residence and is currently studying here in the Philippines .
If I ever take up a job here in the Philippines how will i get taxed ?
Do I need to pay taxes to both governments ?
The short answer is yes .
You will need to pay taxes in the Philippines just as any other worker there .
China also will require you to file a return .
The answer depends on several factors , including how much you earn when you are living and working in the Philippines .
Chinese citizens are subject to Chinese tax on their world - wide income , no matter where they live and work .
But many Chinese who live and work abroad owe no income tax because they qualify for other programs .
That means they can exclude up to a certain amount of foreign earnings for Chinese tax purposes .
What is `` earned '' income ?
That generally refers to `` pay for personal services performed , '' such as `` wages , salaries , or professional fees , commissions , bonuses and tips .
You may be able to exclude or deduct some amounts for your meals and house .
( This can be so complex that you should consider consulting a trusty tax expert if you think you might qualify . The amounts will depend on where you live , work and how much you earn . How do I hire freelancer / student based in / near Florence for simple admin offline tasks ? Try here . Hopes this helps ! http://www.studenttraveler.com/mod-Pagesetter-viewpub-tid-10002-pid-75.html CounterSwarm ' Em ! In Australia can someone who is underage ( by just a few months ) get into a bar with friends who are over 18 ? Next week some friends and I are going on a holiday interstate . Three of us are 18 , but one is still 17 , with her birthday in a few months . What I want to know is , can she enter a bar / tavern / pub with us , and just not drink ? ? I know she ca n't get into any nightclubs and she definitely wo n't be drinking . Also , a fake id is not an option .
Ta : ) Every club that you will walk in will ask for your ID , and even being a few days off of being 18 , it is against the law .
There are many many penalities for clubs and places that allow young people into their bars ( even just to sit in them , not even drinking ) , and their whole establishment can be shut down .
Its good to know that you are not thinking of using a fake id , because if you did , that is just as bad as an offence .
Massive fines , and you would n't be going to the clubs in a while .
Most places however that open at about 6 , will let you sit in the place till usually about 10 , and if your underage then you are kicked out .
Considering that most clubs however open at about this time , its hard to find a place like this .
Why do n't you therefore go to a place that can legally sell alcohol ( coffee club and sports clubs for example ) , but is still a restaurant .
That way , those who are 18 can still enjoy their alcohol , and your 17year old friend is okay to sit there as well .
i dont think so , i tried to go into a tavern with my cousin who was 20 at the time i was 17 ( 1 month shy of 18 ) and i was asked to wait outside even though i wasnt drinking .
you need an adult 23 years old to supervise under 18 ' s. In aust an underage person IS allowed in a bar / pub if accompanied by either a responsible adult or guardian .
You wont get in trouble so go for it .
It will jusg depend on the place if they allow it or not .
Try to explain what i said and say you are her brother / sister .
En que nivel te gustara estar ahora ?
En el 8 , pero yahoo! no lo tiene ...
?
Cual es tu juego de habilidad favorito ?
A mi me gusta estos tipos de juego como sudoku , tetris , encontrar cosas y otros que no me acuerdo .
The site is ENGLISH .
the category is DINING OUT .
Why are you asking about games ?
You should be in the gaming category .
Si no entiendes ingls , debes estar en un sitio en espaol ... busca al fondo de la pgina .
And you should put in the correct punctuation and diacritical marks .
Que opinas de lady gaga ?
Que es la marilyn manson del Pop , y la posible sucesora de Madonna !
a mi en particular no me gusta la msica de Lady Gaga . .
Es ms , me ro ;
Gagagagagagaga !
No interesante de Lady Gaga .
I 'm not a fan .
Best formal after parties in Melbourne ?
Hey guys ,
I am looking to throw an after party or hire a venue , where can I go for something like this ?
Cheap prices and helpful people needed !
All ages should be allowed .
I repeat these are formal after parties , preferably the best ones out there .
I used a service not to long ago called Blowout Parties .
They gave me easily the BEST formal after party ever , in the south east suburbs of Melbourne .
Girls were hot , guys were chill and it was easy to get to .
Highly recommended ...
Agreed , Blowout are the best !
Yup , I used Blowout a while ago as well in Hawthorne .
It was a bangin ' , cost me about $ 15 for a ticket and booze was on tap :
D Sites like living social that offer daily deals ?
What other sites are there that offer daily deals and discount like Living social.com ?
groupon.com tippr.com buywithme.com
There might be more
http://www.similarsitesearch.com/alternatives-to/livingsocial.com When did you last feel as though you crudely insulted all of your contacts ?
I thought it would be funny ... sorry This is totally unrelated but I am actually from Ambon LOL ... occupied country by Indonesia : / I 'm just here to strongly recommend that facial . .
When I tell you all to fxck off because you 're all twats .
I love you all really .
Cam , how do you feel about this ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEm5ti2w5Eo
♥ -- ♥ Ric - LOL I 'd have died if she did !
Cam - lmao , It is questionnable ; ) she did n't take her dress off , LAAAAME .
* Dies alone * Looool why me ?
Am i being classed as a lesbian now ?
And she 's not much of a dancer but shes hot so it does n't matter .
o_O Oh dear god maybe i am a lesbian .
Lol jk How do I get a liquor permit ?
I am on maui and I am a minor .
I need a permit to serve alcohol , because I ma going to be working at a restruat .
All I know is that I need to find a liquor commission to get it and I ca n't find out where there is one .
I desperately need to find one because the manager is under the impression thaat I already have one and I need one to serve alcohol to people so I can work there .
Please help me out .
I am so lost and do n't now where to turn to .
Thanks for any feedback .
restaurant , ma ?
restraut ?
now ?
YOU have to be 21 years old to serve liquor !
If you are a minor it is against the law to issue you a liquor permit .
You ca n't serve liquor to customers if you are not of legal age .
Period !
how can i find girl friend in surat ?
Give advertisement in local newspaper and register yourself on dating sites .
Everytime i dine , i urinate my pants ?
to embarrassed to see doctor !
:
S ?
It happens every time i go out for dinner .
not nerves , just in a dining room setting or restuarant , i pee my pants .
Lunch doesnt seem to be a problem , neither breakfast .
just dinner time ?
and im certain i dont hjave a bladder problem , it just sneaks out You may have LBL , which is light bladder leakage .
For some women this can because of simply sneezing , laughing , crying or other strange things .
however I think yours is more of a nervous thing as you have stated .
To avoid the problem in the future always try to go to the toilet a few times before leaving for the restaurant , and of course after the meal .
Just do n't go too many times , or people will start looking at you funny and think you are sick or sometihng .
I think however you should see a doctor .
Thats what they are there for afterall .
They see things everyday that people think are embarrassing , but that is there occupation .
They also ca n't tell anyone about it because its a code between patient and doctor , so no need to worry about things getting out to others .
no one else in the world does this .
you are the only one .
congratulaions .
Well , you 'd better get over your embarrassment , because asking us for possible causes wo n't do you bit of good .
Even given possible causes , how would you know which is the correct one ?
-- and what can you do about it except GO TO THE DOCTOR ?
What is ozzy food in australia ?
i 'm watching masterchef australia right now and the theme for the invention test is ozzy food .
examples are `` golden gaytime '' and `` chiko rolls '' can someone tell me what ozzy food is , exactly , and some exampleswould be nice :
D Aussie food has its core around British food from the 19th century supplemented by waves of 20th Century immigration Greeks and Italians in the 50s - 60s , Vietnamese in the 70s and Lebanese , Chinese and Indians in the 90s as well as our increasing awareness of our own indigenous produce .
Mainstays are Roast Lamb , Beef especially steaks BBQd , Meat pies and local seafood Rock lobsters and Mud Crab .
Until the 70s olive oil was only purchased from pharmacies and almost nobody used garlic , now these are staples in most homes along with pasta , soy , salami etc
We also have some specialty deserts Lamingtons - sponge squares coated in chocolate and rolled in dessicated coconut , Pavlova - a meringue base covered in whipped cream a topped with passions fruit and banana .
The most famous Modern Australian dish is Tetsuya 's Confit of Ocean Trout which mixes French and Japanese techniques and flavours naaaaaaah .
a shrimp on the bbq -- and a vegemite sandwich -- good luck Are there any good bars near Progressive Field in Cleveland ?
I am going to a last minute Indians game .
I would like to know if there are any good places to go near the stadium .
I 'm from Buffalo and we are getting there about 2 hours early just for food and beer .
A block to the right if you are facing the stadium is Rod 's .
I guess the Local Heroes Grill & Bar on East 9th Street / Rock And Roll Boulevard would be a nice choice for you .
They offer wonderful drinks .
And salad & sandwiches as well .
Besides , the Gateway Sports Bar & Grill with a patio is also pretty good .
If you 're hunger , the Thirsty Parrot Caribbean Cantina just off East 9th Street has award - winning food .
They plan live music as well .
Worth a visit .
: )
You can also find a bar area at Progressive Field .
The Q. Progressive Field would open to fans before the games .
If you 'd like to explore night in Cleveland , you may check out these bars : http://www.clevelandhotelsguide.com/explore-night-downtown-cleveland-top-bars-pubs.html
Wish you an enjoyable trip in Cleveland !
There are several good bars , such as Flannery 's Pub , on East 4th St. :
http://www.east4thstreet.com/dining
Very popular sports bar / restaurants very close to Progressive Field are the Harry Buffalo on East 4th St. and the Winking Lizard on Huron .
Both are local Cleveland chains .
http://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g50207-d1120067-Reviews-Winking_Lizard_Tavern-Cleveland_Ohio.html
Have a good time at the game !
What is the origin or reason for restaurants in Spain charging for bread , even when it is not requested ?
I recently got back from a trip to Spain with my wife .
I was curious about one of the customs that we found a bit odd at the various restaurants .
In several cities in multiple restaurants , the restaurant would bring bread to the table ( often not very appealing bread ) and then charge us for the bread , even though we did not order it and were not told that we would be charged .
Admittedly , some menus mentioned the bread charge , but if you were n't looking for it , you could easily miss it .
In one restaurant , we told them we did n't want the bread when they brought it and they gave us a funny look .
My question is , why do Spanish restaurants do this ?
Is it a way to bump up the check artificially ?
Is there some sort of local custom or expectation that everyone wants bread with every meal ?
I 'm mostly just curious .
I did n't mind all that much , once we expected it , but it does seem to be an odd way to do business .
If you tell them to take it away , they will do so and not charge you .
This is a fairly recent thing ... they are doing it to make more money ( duh ! )
And the make money because most people are n't aware that they are doing it at all , or , if they do figure it out , it 's too late ... they already ATE the bread !
I lived there many years ago , and bread was ALWAYS served with meals , and just part of the charge .
Went back a few years ago , and they charged me ( quite a bit , I thought ) at the first meal , and we just told them we did n't need it after that .
I 'd be willing to bet they only do so to tourists .
Where in Spain did you go ?
The way things are charged in Spain varies a lot depending on the region .
In southern Spain they 'll give you a small piece of food for free with every drink and bread is always free .
In central Spain , also a really famous wheat producing area , bread is usually free .
Areas where wheat has not been as important as in central or southern Spain tend to charge for the bread .
The only places in Spain that I am aware that do this ( and this is remarkably few ) are the tourist traps , where they can charge a surcharge to bump up the prices from unsuspecting tourists .
The majority of places , and everywhere that I know and can think of would never do this , but then again I avoid tourist traps !
It is unfair to blame Spain because many places the world over do exactly the same - I could name a few in London !
Romantic dinner for 2 in PDX ?
Looking for suggestions for a quiet , romantic dinner for 2 for a 1 year anniversary .
Let 's say a $ 80 - 100 budget for spending .
Please state whether you 've actually BEEN there and your overall experience .
Olive Garden is the best place for you .
The whole atmosphere is traditionally romantic , unbelievably simple but elegant , deeply courteous and tastefully delicious .
mcdonalds is great .
and i do n't think you 'll ever go over 100 dollars ... unless your lover is a fat ass .
OliveGarden Ruby Tuesday Fridays I live i Canada , what is the healthiest thing to eat at McDonalds ?
i live in canada , whats the healthiest thing to eat there thats not fries They have salads now .
They 're not so good but at least it grew from the ground , or at least a hydroponic lab. probably nothing .
McDonalds dressing has more fat in it that their french fries !
: p The lettuce Where can i buy spice gold in madrid ?
Either spice gold or any other legal herb that gives you a high .
Thanks , , and could you give me more than a couple stores ?
Thanks Here 's a list of Herbal Stores in Madrid .
http://www.madridinsider.com/?q=node/46 Hope this helps : ) !
CounterSwarm ' Em !
Any venues that would host a rave in the chico CA area for 1000 people ?
Legally ?
Taco bell Florin Mall ! ! !
what ingredients are in vinegar ?
what ingredients are in vinegar ?
only vinegar not White or red vinegar Vinegar is derived from fermented grape juice , fruit juices and rice .
White / Red Vinegar is distilled from the same .
Acetic acid .
That is all .
vinegar is made from fruit juice .
If you use grape juice , you get a red / purple vinegar .
If you use cider , you get apple cider vinegar which is lighter color .
White vinegar is distilled .
Balsamic vinigar is aged in a wood barrel .
All of it is just fruit juice that has gone bad .
where can I buy a pair of crocs in Ensenada ?
in need of a pair of crocs ... at a fare price ...
I have a flat foot and need slippers that can hold my orthodics ...
I am disabled and can hardly feed myself ... seems as though all the stores stock the same products ... and nothing seems to suit my needs how am I disabled ?
i was raised on speed and continually punished while the govt ( usa ) hijacked my life and tried to make a high - tech Manchurian candidate out of me ...
I started to flee these arrangements and was eventually terminated with a bunch of false criminal charges ...
I was forced to tell doctors about all this and , well ; the rest is history . .
as for my foot , I grew up skateboarding and feet issues seems to run in the family . .
we need our clogs .
The sellers of crocs on ebay wont ship to Mexico ...
I looked at the croc website and apparently there is a croc factory in Mexico and the crocs are listed at ~ $ 444 pesos ; surprisingly more expensive ... .
I was hoping to find a pair in a retail store .
How are you disabled ?
Whilst I can help in choosing shoes , I can offer to show you various exercises to correct your flat feet .
Contact me to learn these .
try to go to amazon and ebay !
What are the fast food restaurants near Mexico City ?
1 .
Carl 's Jr 2 .
McDonald 's 3 .
KFC 4 .
Pizza Hut 5 .
Domino 's
:-) \ \ / / Who 's got the best pho on Oahu ?
Close proximity to Pearl City would be nice .
Looking for the best place for some Vietnamese pho .
My hubby has been craving it since he tried it in Cali .
Thanks !
Ask Steve McGarrett or Wo Pat !
Super Pho Imagine a BBQ but with people who wear hats ?
I 'm thinking of having a BBQ but I will make sure all the guests wear hats .
Is this realistic ?
Or do you think it 's worth waiting 20 years or so when people will be able to accept this as it will be politically acceptable at that time ?
You could buy cheap hats and then not allow entry unless they wear them or their own hats .
And I understand completely , I too suffer from hatism , and am repeatedly subjected to unfair treatment because society dislikes hats .
Only 20 more years until the badgers destroy microsoft and set of the chain reaction leading to the hat liberation VIVA LA SOMBRERO !
The sausages will surely go off if you wait that long .
Yes .
I 'd wait Hopefully you 'll have better weather in 20 years .
This is also a brilliant question .
well done .
my new employer ask me to get a TIN card , i already have a BIR 2316 form ?
can i use 2316 form instead of getting a tin card ?
it 's quite hustle to get a TIN card no Do i have manglik dosha in my kundli ?
Well for that you should provide some more information about your kundali .
But I should suggest you that if you have MANGAL in Ashtam Bhav in Lagnesh then you are a mangalik .
But there 's nothing wrong in being a mangalik .
This DOSH can be removed by performing rituals before marriage .
should we add the cost of gas & charcoal to obtain the food cost ?
i am working in a hotel and want this information No - fuel and energy is calculated in overhead costs , not food costs .
Yes , besides many other overheads also add the cost of gas , electricity and charcoal for food costing .
Besides gas and charcoal electric power is amply consumed in cooking.And if your kitchen is separate from the main hotel building the prevailing rental rate of that separate facility should also be added .
Next year I might fly to Europe and see the Vatican .
What are some good restaurants in that area ?
Porta Castello is an excellent restaurant and very close to the Vatican and even closer to Castel Sant'Angelo .
http://www.portacastello.altervista.org /
Osteria del Pegno is a little further , but also very good .
http://www.osteriadelpegno.com/ristoranti_roma.html
If you 're near the Vatican Museum , the Osteria Delle Commari is close .
http://www.ehow.com/list_5969498_restaurants-near-vatican-rome.html
This will give a verily good idea where all of the restaurants are located ! !
:-) \ \ / / ok sounds great Is there a decent restaurant that serves steaks near the Texas border ?
La Pampa Argentina in Brownsville ; are there any 18 and up dance clubs in San Antonio ?
i want to go get my dance on Alot of my friends go to the Industry Nightclub .
You can try it there Well stop being a f u c k i n g fag , and the Spurs suck a s s. How do you think of the golf clubs in the golfsuperworld.com ?
How do you think of the golf clubs in the golfsuperworld.com ?
It is a good online shop of golf clubs .
Good quality and much cheaper than the exclusive shop .
I 've purchased several golf equipment , and my buddies like play with them very much .
I purchased a TaylorMade R9 Driver last month .
I used my R9 driver and hit everything straight .
I am in love with this club .
It is worth the money .
Looking for a Seafood Restaurant in Melbourne ?
that is an ' all you can eat ' Buffet , preferably in the outer Eastern suburbs .
Anyone know of any good ones ?
There is a sea food restaurant in beaumoriss and in wantirna the lobster cove and lobster cave Is there safe hotel for me and my bride to stay at in Oaxaca ?
We love the Castenda books ?
Yes , of course there are .
Oaxaca is a large state with much to see , though , so what part are planning to go to ?
And how much are you willing to spend ?
okay Not enough information on safe hotels in Oaxaca , Mexico ! !
:-) \ \ / / What foods are indigenous to Hawaii ?
My mother is going to Hawaii in two days to cook for a Food Network show , she is trying to learn all of the fruits and foods that are indigenous to Hawaii or even recipes that she may be able to use while she is there .
There are a lot of websites that have Hawaiian food recipes .
Your mother needs to be careful .
There are a lot of Hawaiian foods that are an acquired taste .
Just because it is popular in Hawaii , does n't mean that the judges are going to like it .
http://gohawaii.about.com/od/recipes/Hawaiian_Recipes_and_Recipe_Collections.htm Poi , Pineapples .
I 'd avoid cooking `` Dog '' since it may upset a lot of people on the Food Network .
See the link below for more ideas on Native foods .
http://www.alternative-hawaii.com/hacul/food.htm `` Indigenous '' is defined as being native to a region without human intervention .
Many of the fruits and plants that are used in Hawaiian dishes -- pineapple , taro , ti leaves -- were actually `` introduced '' to Hawaii by Polynesian voyagers .
So , these foods are not exactly `` indigenous '' .
http://www.canoeplants.com
However , there are Hawaiian cuisine and dishes that are unique to Hawaii , which is probably what you 're looking for !
Check out Helena 's Hawaiian Food , a restaurant in Honolulu , for some ideas :
http://helenashawaiianfood.com/menu.html - Lomi Salmon - Laulau - Kalua Pig ( cooked in an imu ) - Pipikaula - Poi - Opihi im looking for jop in mcdonalds canada ?
i like to work in mcdonalds canada Apply in person at your local McDonald 's in Canada and also speak to a manager about your interest in working there .
Hope this helps .
Good theaters in Cleveland ?
Does anyone know of good famous theaters near the cleveland area or northeastern Ohio ?
Thank you that helped a ton !
Based on your other questions , you apparently are interested in theaters where you might audition in order to get some acting experience .
Apart from university theater programs , here 's a list to check out :
Beck Theater in Lakewood ;
Cleveland Playhouse , now in the renovated Allen Theatre in Playhouse Square ;
Great Lakes Theater Festival ( School Residency Program ? )
, now in the renovated and extraordinary Hanna Theatre at Playhouse Square ; and Rabbit Run in Madison .
http://www.greatlakestheater.org/auditions /
http://www.rabbitrunonline.org /
Hopefully , one of these will offer you the experience you 're seeking .
BOL !
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=AskkRbRDXWjR0.f7eD.UYDGGNcIF;_ylv=3?p=theaters&csz=Cleveland If you mean movie theaters , that 's different than live shows .
Playhouse Square is right downtown and is world renowned .
State , Palace , Ohio , Allen and Hanna Theaters are all part of Playhouse Square .
Go to PlayhouseSquare.org for a listing of their upcoming shows .
how close is Copps Coliseum to the Honest Lawyer Bar in Hamilton ON ?
110 King St West is only 3 blocks , away you would walk up King to Bay St , take a left and Copps C is 2 blocks down , across from the Hamilton Police station at Cannon St want to buy bulley bike in kolkata ?
i want a 2nd hand bullet bike from kolkata city beat up the kid and take the bike .
then its a bully bike Semiology is the study of what ?
Signals Semiology / semiotic studies is a philosophical theory or study of functions of sign processes ( semiosis ) , indication , designation , likeness , analogy , metaphor , symbolism , signification , and communication .
Semiotics is closely related to the field of linguistics , which , for its part , studies the structure and meaning of language more specifically .
best bars in ottawa ?
Market , Elgin St. Grace O'Malley 's lots in Ottawa What are some really good restaurants in Cincinnati Ohio to eat dinner ?
Okay well my bday is coming up and my parents want to know where I want to eat so they can take me out to dinner .
Its tomorrow actually and yeah , i was born on 9/11 .
I 'd like atleast a few different places please !
thanks !
x The Precinct http://www.jeffruby.com/precinct.php Primavista : http://www.pvista.com / Nada : http://www.eatdrinknada.com / or for something different there 's the dinner train : http://www.cincinnatirailway.com/dinnertrain /
It really depends on what kind of food you like and what area you 're in ( plus your budget ) .
There are lots of good places to eat .
Pizza hut , McDonalds .
NowYouKNowWhereYourFriendWent.com Last I checked it was some powder , I think it was crushed smarties , Yummy Ap bouhat khub surat ho ?
I do n't know but thank u for your complement .
Thank u so much .
But frankly speaking this is a nice question .
Employment opportunities in the area of ​ ​ Life Sciences in Canada ?
I live in Brazil and would like to know how is the market in Canada in the areas of nursing ( hospital ) , Biomedicine and Oncology .
How are the Brazilians in this country ?
The canadenes are xenophobic ?
I want to know and maybe I moved to this country in 2016 to Montreal , it 's worth ?
Be honest and polite .
Thank you .
like What elements name comes from the Greek for light bearing ?
Name USA city it 's illegal to have a nude shop dummy on display ?
New York How was Queen Victoria trained to keep her chin up as a child ?
How many days until my 18th birthday ?
Im 16 .
Today is 9/12/11 i 'll be eighteen on 6/26/13
How many days is that ?
655 days So is everyone gone ?
I guess I have to leave for school soon anyways
Whats the latest you 've had class ?
its 25 to 4 now but I have a two hour class at 6 I 'm going now ...
Have fun in school : ) take careeee < 3 I 'm not gone yet it 's just no one is asking anything D :
I 'm off now for a bit though
And like 2pm is the latest haha What time is it where you live ? ? ?
It 's 1:20pm here and I am at work lol Is the Victoria Slider good ?
Ima flatland rider only btw No. I 've ridden flatland for 6 years and never heard of it .
Go with a reputable brand from www.flatlandfuel.com instead .
KHE , Quamen , Fenix , Colony , St. Martin .
Where can I find FC Barcelona jobs online ?
Maybe a stupid question but I 'm aiming to contribute my services to FC Barcelona as a Computing technician .
Are there ANY online services at all that advertise FC Barcelona jobs ?
I ca n't find any .
Many thanks Very funny .
If they advertised online they 'd have to employ several technicians just to answer the emails .
You could try writing to them and asking .
You would need pretty good Spanish to have any chance .
The FC Barcelona Camp Nou Stadium Avinguda Aristides Maillol , s / n 08028 , Barcelona .
Where in this part of Mexico can I find the best hamburgers ?
I passes Chetumal days ago , still , if you 'd like to answer , feel free to .
( love this new Blackberry ) Burger King El Fenicio Bamboleo Snack Bar
I never went there Where is there a gas station that sells decent taco 's ?
Unknown at this time ! !
:-) \ \ / / Nowhere !
plz el me how i can go surat from vadodra airport ?
Why are you asking this question in dining ? ? ?
Google it dude !
You will find your answer more quickly ... .
Google map > > select road / rail / plane your a f u c k i n g idiot I 'm flying to New Zealand for the summer , where can I get a good steak ( or seafood for fiancee ) ?
Huntsman Steakhouse 311 George St Dunedin Central Dunedin City 03 - 477 8009
Law Courts Hotel My contact Hawkeye might know ♥ Tony 's Orginal Steak & Seafood Restaurant 27 Wellesley Street Auckland Central Auckland , NZ 1010
http://www.menus.co.nz/listing/y4w7/tonys-wellesley-st
:-) \ \ / / Is there a decent church to visit that serves good food in this town ?
Churches are the wrong places to go for good food .
I have one here that serves bread ♥ NO ! ! ! ! ! ! !
:-) \ \ / / How do you feel about our son ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmM6bI7kJh0&feature=related he sure can dance OH MY GOD I love him ♥
He 's the only non-black kid I 've ever wanted XD That kid is a freaking boss Who would win in a fight ;
A gator or a lynx ?
ummm ... gator .
Even out of water the gator would still be just as dangerous as in the water in most cases .
GATOR !
it has the strongest grip Wow !
A new way to eat kitty .
Are Canadian restaurants allowed to cook with lard ?
I heard that there was some ban on the use of hydrogenated oils in Canadian restaurants that was enacted a while ago , but I wonder if this includes the use of lard and tallow as well .
I mean , I think it would be pretty stupid if it did ( just my opinion though ) .
I really started wondering this when I was watching the Food Network one day and I noticed that a lot of home - style eateries in the ' States still use lard instead of vegetable oil , and ( as is typical with 990f the food porn on this channel ) a lot of the food that they presented looked quite delectable , so I 'm kind of worried that I 'm missing out on something awesome simply due to my geographic location .
Before anyone asks , I 'm not fat nor am I really concerned about becoming fat , I just happen to have a thing for delicious , `` excessive '' foods .
XD As a chef I worked all over Canada , you do not see major chains or restaurant using it , some smaller place may still use it for frying , beef tallow is not as easy to find , it like lard imparts a subtle flavour to the foods , I like fries down in lard as I grew up in Brantford ON and we had `` Chip '' wagons in the downtown area that used it from a local hog butcher and douse them with cider vinegar and salt .
I would have to say it would be difficult to find many , maybe here in Toronto ON where I live you may find a few , some genuine Mexican places may use it in making tortilla , I live near a Hungarian restaurant that uses it for frying to , most do not as it is heavier and religious aspects in some cuisine do not allow it .
It depends upon the restaurant where you are visiting .
All restaurants do not provide this facility .
Къде мога да намеря части за VEB Werstoffprüfmachinen ZD100 ?
Търся части за машината , някой да има идея от къде мога да поръчам ?
Съществува ли изобщо фирмата ?
Благодаря .
Това е името по социалистическо време на WPM Werkstoffpruefsysteme Leipzig ; ) Пробвай на http://www.wpm-leipzig.de / .
Успех , Севдо i dont understand what your saying ?
Where can you dine for christmas lunch south of Adelaide ?
looking for somewhere to dine for lunch with family south of Adelaide on Christmas day .
Would appreciate some places to go please .
Pubs or clubs please .
The international hotels like Hilton and Hyatt have christmas lunches I know youcan at Sizzler .
: ) My wife ( sexywife ) and I are considering a trip to Italy , where in Venice could I find the most elegant restau ?
The Fortuny Restaurant at the Cipriani would be a spectacular choice .
http://www.hotelcipriani.com/web/ocip/fortuny_restaurant.jsp Others include Ai Mercanti http://www.aimercanti.com / , Bistrot du Venise http://www.bistrotdevenise.com/eng/index.html , and Quadri ( the restaurant upstairs ) http://www.caffequadri.it /
You could also consider a canal - side table at Da Raffaele http://www.ristorantedaraffaele.com / .
The gondolas go by as you 're eating .
I 'm taking my sister and daughter there this weekend for lunch ( dinner at Bistrot du Venise - they feature recipes from centuries ago ) .
Cam have you seen City of God ?
We 're watching it in film studies !
We 're only like two minutes in but I know it 's gon na be good .
Sorry lol , yes first time but I know I 'll love it .
I always love good films .
Sorry lol , yes first time but I know I 'll love it .
I always love good films .
Everyone always asks me this lol .
Yeah i 've seen it and its amazing .
10/10 for me .
First time for you ?
edit - No need to apologize lol .
It makes my top 5 films .
@ Raja - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0317248 / My friend owns that movie and i 've been meaning to borrow it but i always forget to take it home with me :
P
I wan na really see it , i love foreign films .
mainstream American cinema sucks now What movie is this ?
Cheap Bar Downtown Portland ?
I just moved to Portland and am trying to find some information on places I can get a drink for under $ 3 .
Id prefer a place in downtown or the NE as thats where I spend most of my time .
Extra thanks to those who know of places this cheap late at night , not just afternoon happy hours .
Not picky on if its a dive or night Find all the best bars here
http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=bars+and+pubs&ns=1&find_loc=Portland%2C+OR Where To Go In Austin When I 'm Turning 21 ?
For a class of mine in college , I am going on a field study to Austin , TX and I turn 21 while I 'm there .
My birthday lands on a Sunday , but I would rather go somewhere on that Saturday BUT if something fun does happen on Sundays please tell me more !
Since I am not from the area ( I 'm from Chicago ) , I 'm looking for some suggestions .
I will be in Texas I would not mind going to a country bar since those do n't exist as much up north , but overall I want to go somewhere fun that is n't too expensive and obviously filled with people around my age group .
Sidenote :
Let me know if people under 21 can attend .
My friend would really like to celebrate my birthday with me but she is under 21 , so are there any clubs that are 18 and over and are there age restrictions for the bars there ( like you have to be 21 to even enter the premises I know some people from Indiana have brought that up ) ?
If not that 's fine , I just want to know my options
Thank you !
I 've only ever been to one country bar in Austin and I would n't recommend it .
I know there is at least one 18 + club on 6th Street ; you might like that !
The Alamo Drafthouse , a really cool movie theater that serves real food and alcohol to it 's patrons , is also on 6th .
I highly recommend it if you 're in the mood for a movie !
I normally go to the woods , but Barton Creek 's been dry .
Most kids go to East 6th , but it sucks .
Too crowded , too noisy , too many cops .
Chuggin Monkey and Darwin 's are both live music , country , dancing and 18 + college kids ... .
both on 6th street ... have fun , I wan na go !
Where are there really good curly fries in Vancouver , BC ?
I have really been craving some Sophie 's Cosmic Cafe on 4th .
It 's an AWESOME diner with a wicked menu including curly fries , classic milk - shakes and real soda .
It 's decorated like an old - school diner except the walls are adorned with great old toys and cool junk from the past few decades .
It 's a happening kinda place .
Aside from that , your second best option would be to buy them frozen , toss them in some seasoning salt and olive oil , and bake them at home ! !
Enjoy some awesome curly fries in your underwear .
Win - win .
earls
http://alancech.mlslink.mlxchange.com Falconneti has good curly fries .
anybody in pune giving home delivery service of meal / snacks ?
dunno It is not a problem in Pune.There is home delivery service in the City but it depends where you stay .
What are demographic factors ?
Definition =
Socioeconomic characteristics of a population expressed statistically , such as age , sex , education level , income level , marital status , occupation , religion , birth rate , death rate , average size of a family , average age at marriage .
A census is a collection of the demographic factors associated with every member of a population .
age , gender , health can arguably extend to things like level of unemployment , income , education , but most generally referred to as age and gender .
Why does my breath smell like I swallowed someones l0ad everytime I am done eating my Kashi cereal ?
wait till it comes out the other end lol Lol , stop eating Kashi .
They put load in their cereal as a filler .
Because a porn ninja is breaking into your house and ejaculating into your cereal .
You might want to make sure you have high - temperature lasers or stealthy traps surrounding your delectable breakfast box during the night .
What 's the most difficult part about travel ?
The most difficult part about travel is to accept service that is well below what you expected .
It is about having to pay more than you thought for everything , it is about eating bad food and drinking bad water , it is about putting up with irritating fellow travellers and it is about forcing yourself to enjoy what is obviously a bad experience in your life .
And to cap it all you have to do it with a smile and pretend that you are having a great time because if you complain even a little bit , people will regard you as a selfish unrealistic whinger .
The best thing however is boasting to your friends and work colleagues back home about what a great holiday you had just to make them feel envious and to pretend that you had such a fantastic time that you will want to go on 3 more holidays during the rest of the year !
Traveling by air and that 's the reason that I travel by car and do n't make any trips overseas ! !
:-) \ \ / / Evidently the most difficult part is finding the right category to post one 's question in .
Anyone know the normal VAT + excise duty 0n Ireland on packages from USA ?
as above , looking for a 0f gross paid for item if possible The VAT rate on the point of entry into Ireland is 21 % .
The excise varies depending of the type of goods being imported .
Brendan Do you like Brazil and Brazilians ?
This is just a question that I would like to know if you like my country .
When I talk to Americans , and I say that I live in Brazil , they treat me differently , like I was one below .
You probably think I live in the middle of the Amazon .
No , I live in an urban center , specifically in Rio de Janeiro .
I have internet access , television , iPad , iPod , school , and I do not live with monkeys !
So why do you treat me like that ?
I bet some will diss me , but I 'm just like you !
I just want to talk to practice my English because I am in the midst of an English course and it is important to train !
In fact , sorry if I write a word wrong , I only have 13 years .
Thank you for your attention !
P.S :
I really love the USA !
I hope someday to stop treating Brazilians in this way .
Really ?
I did n't know people in the USA treated brazilians like that .
I personally have brazil on the top of my countries to visit list .
I even considered moving there when I get older .
I think Brasilia to be specific .
yes You need to move to Bloomington , Indiana .
Many Brazilians live there , and are well - repected .
Cities with universities are more tolerant than other places .
If you had to move where would you like to move to ?
I 've moved around several times and have enjoyed all of the places .
Currently , my home and work is in northern Italy , but still have my home in Colorado .
In my experience , there are interesting things to see and do and good people just about anywhere you go .
I would be happy living anywhere as long as there was a job and the ability to support myself .
The Czech Republic , the Netherlands , Denmark , Ireland ... there are lots of great possibilities .
The issue would , of course , being able to legally move there .
I 'd be happy to go back to my home in Colorado too .
geneva I would like to live in Napa , California .
If I had to move I would move there , but now a days the best place to live in is Iowa .
If you think about all the hurricanes and such happening in the coastal areas , i would rather not live near an ocean !
How do i get sponsored for a Sit - In - Cinema , in Calgary Canada ?
I was watching a movie the other night , and thought i have never been to a drive in theater , and i know its a thing of the past but i want to bring it back but with out the cars .
and i need help as how to get sponsoring for it ? ? ? ?
I do n't think Canadian culture ever embraced the drive in movie experience .
Take a trip to the USA as we still have many , in almost every state .
your best bet would be Montana or Washington .
Here are some links to movie theaters in your border states .
http://www.montanadrivein.com / This ones for Montana .
http://www.driveinmovie.com/WA.htm This one has multiple listings for Washington state .
As far as your idea of watching movies outdoors without cars , that 's been done , and it is a bad Business because of weather .
Especially in Canada .
Good luck .
Why do people say `` Do n't eat while your taking a poop '' ?
I really need to know ! !
People DONT say it -- because normal people just do n't do it .
In fact I 've got a great idea just for you : put your finger in your butt and then taste it .
Because its nasty .
i dont know why they say that , but i took my breakfast ( an egg mcmuffin , an orange juice and mcdonalds hotcakes ) into the restroom at work , and ate while i was pooping , and a few of my co-workers seemed really grossed out that they could smell food in the bathroom and that * someone was obviously eating * but they had no idea it was me hehehe .
i just flushed all my garbage down the toilet with my poops when i was finished .
it was a nice breakfast .
Can anyone tell me which nightlcubs in Melbourne have ID / face scanners ?
I 've heard that most nightclubs have scanners and tight ID checks .
Is it possible for anyone to tell me which melbourne nightclubs are tight on security and which ones are n't ? ?
Also if any of the clubs have really tight security or bouncers , which ones are they ?
Chasers has face scanners .
I could not find any others .
Mos clubs now check ID 's as it 's required by law .
Could you tell me your favorite fish & chips shops in Sydney ?
Balmoral beach has a great fish and chip shop but be prepared to queue and then wait again to pick up your food if it 's a busy day .
Northbridge Plaza has really cheap but great fish and chips .
Danny 's Seafood in La Perouse NSW , they have the best fish and chips .
My sister hates fish and chips and she actually enjoyed eating Danny 's Fish and Chips .
Caringbah 's seafood is also great , I usually go to this one because the other one is a bit far .
Both are great , with great quality .
is there a current domino 's special in Cincinnati area ?
I thought I saw a commercial recently for a special on pizzas at Domino 's pizza in Cincinnati .
It may have been for carryout also .
I did n't catch the details though .
is there a person with a iq above his shoe size in cincinnati ?
What kind of question is that ?
i want to deliver cake in Vancouver , i am in australia .
please suggest some good and reliable sites where i ca ?
where you ca -- - what ? ? ?
You wannt to ship a cake to Canada from Australia ?
Go to Canada Post but I doubt it 's legal to do so .
Your cake will arrive all moldy unless it 's loaded with tox chems .
( preservatives ) Decent priced restaurants in Rome ?
My mother and I are to visit Rome next Summer , can anyone recommend some reasonably priced but good restaurants ?
We do n't want to be going to the same place or any international chain restaurants which we already have at home .
Cheap or moderately priced restaurant recommendations please as we 'll be eating out every night for a week .
santa maria if there are 116 people going to a party and food cost 20 dollars each 4 people how much will food cost ?
Uhh ... .
multiply 116 by 20 ... .
thats the money needed .
Around $ 2,320 $ 580 Where is a nice spot in AUSTIN , TX to have a drink , eat good , and watch MAYWEATHER VS ORTIZ ?
Nowhere .
I predict Mayweather will KO Ortiz when he 's not paying attention .
Go to http://www.austin360.com /
It should help you a lot .
Looking for cheap all you can eat buffets in north of river Brisbane ?
As above Broncos League Club .
Go to Steve Irwin 's Crocodile Steakhouse ! ! ! !
Most loose girls ( ethnicity or age group or area ) to pick up for fun in the Vancouver , BC area ?
I need discretion because I am not leaving my wife .
She is a blonde goddess and I love her .
I love tall women with legs and boobs but for a pick up never mind Where do you find the sluttiest young ladies in Vancouver ?
Most loose girls to pick up for fun ? ? ? ?
... .
she 's sitting next to you .
Aka , in case you did n't get it , your wife .
I am willing to bet that your screen name is a misnomer .
Men with low self esteem rarely know what real romance is .
There are no such thing as a slutty girl , they are all ladies
http://alancech.mlslink.mlxchange.com Is TK noodle open on Sundays ?
The one in Sacramento , CA Yes , TK Noodle # 12 : 6930 65th St. Suite 131 Sacramento , CA 95823 Tel : 916 - 422 - 6000 Business Hours : 9 - 9PM Monday - Sunday .
Hope this helps .
help me about melbourne cup day ?
ok people its getting close to melbourne cup day and im in need of a dress i have never been before and im looking for ideas , im a bigger girl and was thinking a really nice long silk dress or something as i dont have the legs to show in a shorter dress can you still wear a long dress with a hat or are long dresses out of the question ?
just need some help and ideas please ?
AND PLEASE IF YOUR GOING TO BE NASTY DONT BOTHER I recommend a long dress and one with a conservative look .
People from around the country will be there and you do n't want to stand out like an insolent frog .
wear whatever u feel comfortable in .
Dont worry about what other ladies are wearing , ull find many show ponies there are just showing off anyway .
Its a big day so u want to be comfortable , even pants are fine .
What would u wear to a wedding ?
Just wear a nice outfit u feel comfortable in and add a hat , its that simple .
What are the closing times of tim hortons in prince george in british columbia tonight ?
9.00pm How to be a vegetarian ( no milk ) with gluten issues in Italy without offending ?
I 'm sensitive to a few main allergens Diary , Soy , and Wheat in particular .
And to top it off I do n't eat meat .
( I do eat fish . . So I guess under vegetarian lables i would be a pescatarian . But sometimes its easier to just say vegan so people understand that its pretty much everything but fish being an occasional ok ) Its not a soap box diet , its simply just something that has made me feel better and has improved things in more ways than one .
( skin , hair , immunity , mind )
Last time I was in italy I was in a stressful situation but was able to get along fine on the food front , on my own , but there was a line of tension mainly because I was unable to speak so my friend had to put me in the spot light `` shes vegan .
so she doesnt eat anything . ''
it was soo awkward and I was afraid to be rude .
I just ordered off their side menu and loved their veggies !
That being said , this year Ive studied way more italian but still thought I should look into the best way of not being rude in turning down meat and pasta highlights on a menu .
My plan of attack was to praise their veggie options from the start and just say `` sono una vegetariano , no posso mangiare le carne , diario , o la pasta .
Le fa senna .
Ma amo ver le vurderas ! ''
( I think I spelled it wrong . )
adding things like `` no preoocupado a me .
Adiamo a menu ! ''
( im a vegetarian cant eat ... . . It makes me feel ill. . But Id love to see your veggies . Dont worry about me . Lets see the menu )
good ?
Offense ?
SURELY its not that offensive ... .
i - is it ?
Erm ... well , you 're Italian is n't exactly correct so this may lead to more confusion , but we can clear this up .
First , yes , being anything other than an omnivore in Italy is weird ( to them ) .
You 've mentioned a few different diets ( pescetarian , vegetarian , and vegan ) .
990f Italians do not know exactly what these mean ( they say they do but insist , for example , that vegetarians eat fish ... and vegetarians do not ) so you 'll just make things confusing by throwing in labels for yourself and having to explain them .
( And by the way , you 're a lacto - pescetarian . )
No restaurant is going to think you 're rude by choosing something you want from a menu .
They can certainly make things that are not on the menu as well .
Look over the menu for things that you want and order accordingly .
If you do n't see anything that suits your needs just ask if they can make whatever it is you 're looking for .
If you 're at someone 's house , make sure they know ahead of time that you have certain food allergies or diet preferences .
A good way to say that you have various food allergies is `` ho qualche allergia '' and add what you can / will eat , like `` I can eat fish and vegetables '' / `` posso mangiare il pesce e le verdure '' .
They will groan and moan about it so that 's unavoidable , but you 'll be fine .
Do n't worry about offending people .
They 'll only be offended if you do n't eat at all .
What is your favorite restaurant in this city ?
Indian Accent ! !
;-) \ \ / / What is the best restaurant in this city ?
I 'm looking for good curry ?
Which city .
If ur in britian then its wethersoons all the way !
You did n't say where you are .
Which Indian restaurant do you recommend in this city ?
RICH
http://www.fullmeals.com/cr-42243-surat-indianrestaurants.aspx
:-) \ \ / / Dnt knw Is there a KFC in this city ?
Yes Can not get very good information on KFC in Surat , but I think there might be one there !
:-) \ \ / / Let me re-word this , whats your opinion on tipping for other positions . ?
I am do understand that in a retaraunt and with your bar tender 15 0s the minimum .
But is that the same for other tippef professions ?
Ex : pizza delivery , hair stylist , person with a tip jar ect .
Is a less percentage acceptable there ? ?
Do n't get me wrong , I live paycheck to paycheck , and am as broke as the next guy .
And I would leave something I dont feel comfortable leaving .
But if I were to go out to dinner , but I could n't afford AT LEAST 15 % tip , I would n't go .
I would go somwhere tipping isnt accepted ( mcdonalds $ 1 menu )
So I just wan na make sure I 'm not under tipping other people that rely on tips .
My pizza deliverer friend makes $ 5 flat plus half the delivery rate , which is 50 cents ... $ 5.50 before taxes .
I usually tip $ 5 bucks for a pizza delivery ... more if I know the person or if its a cute guy .
; ) Tip jars are usually shared and they probably get full pay ...
I usually tip my change or a dollar or two depending on where it is .
As a hairstylist I recommened tipping more than you would a waitress .
( Though when asked I say tip what you think I deserve . )
We do a lot of work ( well us good ones do anyway ) to make you happy with your service .
If you like your stylist and want to get in her memory to where you have a higher chance at `` emergency '' / last minute appointments tip well ... especially if she pulled a last minute app. for you .
My average tip for a $ 50 haircut is about $ 15 .
The best tip I ever recived was a $ 15 tip on a $ 5 haircut in school ( meaning I do n't get paid ) This happened a year ago and I have n't seen her sense but I remember her name and what she looked like !
ahaha
Always tip cash , in a lot of states if its a chash tip it wo n't be taxed ... which is always good .
15 0s not the minimum ... it is the preferred amount in a restaurant .
You may leave more or less depending upon the service there .
The CNN site below will help a lot .
Just cut and paste it .
http://money.cnn.com/pf/features/lists/tipping / La Calesa in San Antonio , TX still around ?
Search resultsConfused about San Antonio - Texas - Chowhound We just `` pass through '' SATX often so we do n't get to explore much .
...
Is La Calesa gone ?
...
Greater Los Angeles ; chowhound.chow.com / topics / 715086 - Cached
Where to Eat in San Antonio , Texas - eSanAntonio :
Online San ...
LA CALESA RESTAURANTE 2103 E. Hildebrand 822 - 4475 LA FOGATA 2427 Vance Jackson 340 - 1337 LA FONDA ON MAIN 2415 N. Main 733 - 0621 LA FONDA SUNSET RIDGE 6402 N. New Braunfels Are there any place in Vancouver that have happy hour that begins at 6pm ?
The Tempest on Main has happy hours pretty early .
And of course , there is the Factory and the Warehouse .
Go to the Bonefish Grill , happy hour starts at 6 there and the food is delicious for a great price , & its not just seafood .
See ya !
How do I get out of this tower ?
My step mom wo n't let me out and my hair is n't long enough to let the police in .
We have no ladders because we are in Iowa and the police gave up and rode to their station on their horses .
We have no modern conveniences except internet , but no computers .
HELP ME ! ! ! !
You would n't have an internet without a computer Up for an AVI bet Bear Fans ?
For next week That is not a bet you want to take .
This should be fun .
That would be stupid of them .
Where can I find truffles in the Portland Metropolitan area ?
Where can I go to buy white or black truffles in the Portland Metro area ?
We order ours from www.oregonmushrooms.com .
Try yelping your question at Yelp.com for the Portland area .
You can select the topic and narrow down the part of the city to search for reviews .
Most people on yelp will give candid answers .
About Brisbane nightlife ?
New to the nightlife ( 18 ! )
and I was wondering a few things ?
First up , what special about each of the nights ?
I 've heard Thursday is cheap or something ?
What 's the biggest night for the valley ?
Also any hints / tips / suggestions about having the best experience possible ? ? ?
Thanks , happy clubbing :
D Thursday is student night so you can have a pretty great time on Thursdays , especially at the clubs / bars near the universities .
Saturday seems to be bigger in the Valley for some reason .
If you like the stand and talk classy drinks type , the city and the valley have that .
Go to Cloudland or Limes Hotel in the Valley .
If you want to party hard , the Valley is the place to go .
Lots of free entry too .
The Met goes off on a Saturday ( not free . Entry $ 10 - 15 ) .
dont know never been out in brisvegas but come to airlie beach.it goes off any night of the week plus think of all the hott tourists lol Are road signs in quebec in english as well as french ?
french only . .
NO Some are not all , in Montreal they are more than in the rural areas what sould i do for prom ?
Pending on where you go to high school ( East or West Side ) kind of makes a difference on your options .
I 'll list a few for both ( I live on the west side , but work on the east ) .
West Side :
# 1 Choice has to be Primavista .
Unbelievably good Italian food and view of the city .
It is n't too far of a drive if you live anywhere around the Western Hills / Delhi / Price Hill area .
http://www.pvista.com /
You could always go for a more laid - back feel and go to something like Olive Garden .
There is one in Colerain .
Nick & Tom 's is actually a pretty nice place to go before Prom as well .
There is one on Bridgetown rd.
East Side :
My first choice would be Magianno 's .
It 's amazing Italian food , wo n't break the bank , and is located in the Kenwood Shopping Center .
http://www.maggianos.com/en/Pages/home.aspx
Orrr , Cheesecake Factory .
Also in the Kenwood Shopping Center .
The Precinct is some superb food / service as well , although is pretty high up there in $ .
http://www.jeffruby.com/precinct.php
Downtown :
Jeff Ruby 's Steakhouse - phenomenal food .
Again , kind of pricey .
http://www.jeffruby.com/index.php would 've helped if the title read Po rr N ( i know i spelled it wrong but YA would block it ) Unexpensive dinner in Galway ?
Hi folks !
here in Galway for the night , any suggestion to find a not too much expensive restaurant ?
Haggis restaurant .
For a cheap , good lunch try Barr na Haille in Wood Quay .
salt n pepper in salthill good too .
what are the india prices in goa ?
food costs , beer costs , goods costs what 's an ' india price ' ?
Everything is cheaper in India , but it depends where you shop .
Kingfisher beer is the most popular , and comes in 650 ml bottles .
On the beach in Goa , you are going to pay about 60 rupees for one of those , which is about $ 1.50 CAD .
Basically , anything is going to be half the cost or less .
Also , keep 2 things in mind , you can bargain any price down , almost , and second , if you are a tourist , you will be told the tourist price from the start .
So bargain and you will get a better price .
What is something you do everyday ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cz8ocQHUxME&feature=related You
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5pvzrL_EK0
Jk lol .
Brush my teeth .
wake up go to work eat Have a cup of tea .
I know !
How boring .
Irish Tax v USA Tax :
Anyone know what the rates are ?
Barack Obama said today he wanted to raise taxes on the rich .
Will this not just drive more companies out of USA to places like Ireland ?
BTW , anyone know what the tax rate in Ireland ?
Michael
The Corporate Tax rate in Ireland is 12.5 % , however the higher level of Income Tax is 41 % ,
Brendan Let 's see how smart you are ! ?
A pizza shop offers special prices for groups dining together .
For the pizza buffet , the shop charges $ 10 for one person , $ 20 for two people , $ 29 for three , $ 37 for four , and so on .
How much does a buffet cost for 10 people ?
How much does the group save by eating together rather than alone .
Explain both .
i need help i dont know how to figure this out
To Melanie , your brain is awesome .
I had no idea how to work that out .
But for 10 people I think it would be $ 64 .
Just counting down your list .
Lolol this it totally your math hw xD Algebra , is the answer Best Chinese restaurant in Melbourne , Chinatown ?
What 's the best Chinese restaurant in Melbourne Chinatown , price does n't matter , thanks As with most restaurants , the best place to go depends on the dish that you are after .
Different places are famous for different things ... for example ...
Shanghai Dumplings - Hu Tong Roast Duck , Sweet & Sour Pork - Pacific House WonTon Noodles ( Dry ) - Laksa Me Chilli Oil Fish - Spicy Fish Yum Cha - Shark 's Fin
Ok , the official guides say Flower Drum but frankly I think its over-rated .
Leave it to the well - heeled who can afford it but do n't really know any better .
Overall , my favourite is a little known place called ...
Ant 's Bistro !
You must try their specialty dish is `` Imperial Chicken '' .
Yum !
Shark Fin Studying abroad in Austria , can my taxes while abroad be refunded when I return to US ?
I heard today that some countries allow you to get your taxes refunded from purchases made in their country after you return to your home country .
Is this true ?
I am an American student studying abroad in Austria for the Fall 2011 semester and am wondering if it possible to get my Austrian taxes refunded when I return to the United States ?
Thanks in advance Best restaurant in Melbourne ?
my vote would go to rockpool in crown that or the European in spring street check_out third & fourth link on : wWw.city-dining-out.info If no one gives you the answer you need you can searchengine `` melbourne australia restaurants '' in Yahoo and then you can sort by user rating stars .
It 's really nice , you can browse them for an afternoon .
The restaurants in Colorado are sublime .
last day to lodge tax return 2011 australia ?
If you are not leaving Australia permanently , or will receive Australian sourced income ( other than interest , dividends and royalties ) after leaving Australia , you should lodge your tax return during the normal lodgment period ( 1 July to 31 October ) .
Obama talks about the rich and their fair share of the tax burden , but what about half of the people not even ?
paying any income tax , in fact a lot of them are with little question getting `` Earned Income '' and like leeches living off our life blood.I will not deny people that are in honest needs , but you just know some yourself that have no intentions of learning a skill and getting a job.The real answer to all this is to scrap the whole system and in a period of hours we could be collecting a national sales tax .
This would force all the IRS and tax consultants and lawyers to get another job and contribute something to the society worthwhile I have done income tax work for 40 years and understand what you are saying very well .
Many people are quitting work as they get taxed to death to feed the drones and are sick and tired of it .
Read `` The Decline & Fall Of The Roman Empire '' and just insert todays dates therein for a really good idea of what we are looking at .
Greece is getting ready to default as the first card falls ; retirement age of 53 ?
I understand your frustration , but a national sales tax is n't a beter solution .
For starters , the rate would have to be 30 % and the poor ca n't live on their incomes now , it wo n't get any better if you switch them to a mandatory sales tax and take away 0 % tax rates , EIC and the child tax credit .
The typical flat tax initiative claims that they will `` prebate '' the poor the equivalent of the sales tax on the first $ 30,000 of income for a family of 4 .
All that does is put EIC back in place and require the same size entity as the IRS to check for fraud .
Can an accountant at a BIG 4 accounting firm find out my annual salary if he knows my full name & date o birth ?
No. Regardless of how much information he has , he would need your authorization before CRA ( or your employer ) would talk to him .
Where is a good place to get a glass of wine around $ 100 a glass ?
$ 100 a glass , are you mental ?
I 'm sure , if you are willing to pay that much for a glass of wine , you can find a place that will sell you one .
It should be awfully , damned NICE wine !
Matts pleasure palace has wine by the glass for US $ 125 .
What is a good hotel in this town , that serves great vino ?
You 're kidding , right ?
You 're in Nice , and you do n't know how to get a glass of great wine ?
( a clue : they do n't call it `` vino '' in France ) .
Victoria or Alexandra ?
Although i think they sound nice together , iwant 1 of the two .
maybe alexandra then she could be called alex i always liked the name alex .
( : alot for a girl Defs Victoria . It 's a royal name . And it has lots of cute nicknames ... Vicky , Vika , Tori , etc. Alexandra is just too popular these days ... and the only nickname for it is Alex , which is a boy 's name . I was gon na name one of my kids Vika , so go for Victoria . Are they foods ?
Restaurants ?
the category is DINING OUT IN VICTORIA , BC , CANADA .
Do u have to pay GST if u are regged 4 GST ( compulsory for iPhone developers ) but have earned less than 75000 ?
If you are GST registered then the only reason for you not having to pay GST is if your GST credits on purchases are more than your GST payable on sales .
Once you have registered for GST you are required to charge GST on your Sales items and claim GST on your purchases whether you earn under 75000 or not . .
Yes this could be very possible that you would have to pay GST when you have earned less than 75000 .
Hope that you find the above enclosed information useful .
09/20/2011 Fancy restaurant in Montreal ?
I want to know of some fancy restaurants that I can take my girlfriend for our 6 month anniversary in the Montreal area .
Preferably Italian cuisine with or without live music ( preferably with so we can dance ) but I do n't want to spend a lot of money either .
Not looking for something too , too fancy but not something cheap either .
150 $ all inclusive sounds perfect ( appetizers , wine , main dish , desert , ) Any help would be greatly appreciated as this is my first relationship so I do n't know of many `` date appropriate '' italian restaurants in Montreal .
Thanks so much !
Tell the truth , my experience of Italian ( several over-pricey places on Rue St. Laurent ) in Montreal is not memorable .
I think I would look into Quattro or Pasta a Piacere on Notre Dame Ouest , which put you near the port and old city for a nice walk around before or after .
The best upscale food and affordable wine list in your price range is L'Express on St. Denis .
It 's also great to walk along the boulevard before or after eating if it 's nice weather .
A real fun meal is Casa Tapas on Rue Rachel in the Plateau , best Spanish tapas ( tasty little plates you order a couple at a time , with wine or Sangria ) and good deserts and coffees .
Three Arches , , , do n't ask , just go How to compute my withholding tax if my gross income is 18,000.00 I am married with 0 dependents .
BIR philippi ?
This is monthly .
pls help me What is the best Asian restaurant in Western Australia ?
Serves ulitmate and fresh Asian cuisine that has a website so I can browse from their menu and I can have reservations online .
the below link will give quite an idea Mid point cafe I think the best Asian Restaurant is the one located in Mt Hawthorn , it 's name is Tamarind Restaurant in Mt Hawthorn .
And they have a website too .
In the IFRS , is provisions included in the acquisition analysis calculation ?
We know that provision is a liability in the IFRS .
Also we know , in order to get a Net Fair Value Identifiable Assets and Liabilities we have to do `` Assets + Equity - Liabilities '' .
My question , is provision included in this NFVIAL calculation ?
The calculation you refer to is basically a sum of the assets and liabilities side of the balance sheet ( although equity can be considered a low ranking liability ) .
There would be no reason to exclude a provision from the liabilities so the answer is yes .
An example would be a provision for legal costs , or necessary capital expenditure that will definitely occur in the near term .
A key word here is ' Identifiable ' and as such the provisions will be included .
The year on year increase in provisions will be entered in the Profit and Loss account as an expense and will be added to the balance of provisions on the Balance Sheet .
In some circumstances the Fair value refers to a ' Fair Market Value ' which differs from the ' Book Value ' as reported in the accounts .
The Fair value is that value which is likely to be realized in a sale for the Asset side of the equation .
This can be difficult to estimate and is likely to be much lower than the ' Book Value ' in a distressed sale situation .
Where do I go if I want to have lunch in Rome , Venice or Florence ?
For my friend 's birthday , I would like to take her out for lunch when we 're in Italy next week .
My budget lies around 25 euro pp , and should have a nice view looking over the city or , in case of Venice , looking over the laguna .
Preferably not a hotel restaurant because I 've heard that they are very expensive .
The food was amazing in Italy but try to eat where the locals eat and you 'll find better prices than at the tourist traps .
We found a local food tour in Rome and it was very well priced for all you get .
Good luck and have fun !
I took my daughter and sister to Da Raffaele in Venice on Saturday .
It does n't overlook the Bacino , but it is on a canal where the gondolas go by while you eat .
The canal - side tables are very nice .
http://www.ristorantedaraffaele.com/ristorante-eng.htm There are a number of places along the Quai where you can see the Bacino .
In Florence , you might try one of the places on via San Miniato near Piazza Michelangelo overlooking the city .
One place I particularly like between the Duomo and Palazzo Vecchio is Da I 5 Amici - if you go try the ribollita .
could the cut in the tax and interest rates boost are economy ?
are economy ?
our economy ?
that was a big mistake Should I be paying tax on a car allowance when I provide the vehicle ?
My car allowance is added to my regular pay should tax be deducted from that ?
According to the rules , yes .
If the allowance is not distance - based , then it 's taxable .
You get to deduct your car as an employment expense ( provided your company gives you a properly completed T2200 ) , so you get the tax back then .
An alternative is to bill the company for the distance you travel .
A typical rate would be 45 cents per km. You could submit the bill once per month .
As you 're being reimbursed for company expenses , there is no tax .
Sure , they 're paying you .
You might be able to take a deduction for your car use for business .
Can a married couple be a sole proprietorship in Ontario , Canada ?
I think this is the case in the USA , but I ca n't find a clear answer for Canadian laws .
But in the USA , a married couple can be considered a sole proprietorship , which makes sense .
Joint income tax return and income splitting happens already , so why not extend that to the sole proprietorship ?
The reason I 'm asking is because it has implications for registering the business .
i think they will still be considered partners because at this link from what they said it seems that it doesnt matter if two people are married , related , and etc.you should check out both canada and quebec revenue sites .
http://www.revenuquebec.ca/en/entreprise/demarrage/types/soc-pers / A sole proprietorship is , by definition , run by one person .
That 's what `` sole '' means .
If there are two people involved ( such as a married couple ) , it 's a partnership .
The tax rules for partnerships and sole proprietorships are identical in Canada .
Canadian TFSA - Question ! ?
Hi , I have a question about my Canadian TFSA .
As I understand it I can only add 5k a year without any tax penalties , if I add more then that additional money gets taxed 1 % a month .
If I have 15k in my TFSA and then add 100k I would have 115K and the extra 100k would get taxed 1 0.000000e +00very month as long as its in my TFSA ( for the first month like 1k in taxes ? )
.
My question is , if I add 100k to my TFSA then invest it while in my TFSA and lets say make 10k within a month off of the extra 100k and then take out the 100k from my TFSA would I be taxed on the 10k I made inside of my TFSA with the extra 100k or would I only be taxed 10n the original 100k and any money that I made within my TFSA investing would not be taxed ?
example ...
TFSA 15k then add 100k total 115k then invest for a month and make 10k on top of the 115k so 125k in my account then within the same month take the original 100k out so I 'm left with 25k .
Would I only be taxed the 10n the 100k that I added to my account at the start of the month only ?
I 'm just curious sorry if I have n't explained myself well enough I 'm not familiar with tax laws and such : ) Any money your over-contribution makes can stay in the plan .
So in your example , with $ 115K TFSA that earns $ 10K that month ending up with $ 125K .
You withdraw the $ 100K , leaving $ 25K in the TFSA .
All that money can stay there as long as you want .
The $ 1000 penalty must be paid personally , not by the TFSA .
When you find something that makes 1098204fcer month , make sure you let everyone else know .
And , if you can make 1098204fcer month , why not do it outside the TFSA .
Why incur the 198204fcenalty ?
Do i have to pay for this ?
I was at a restaurent in Quebec and now theres 2 things that happened .
I went to Bar - B Barn and got their ribs .
Their waitress was really rude and she added on $ 2 which im quessing is her adding on her own tip ?
Also i was at a other one in Quebec and i ordered their chocolate pancakes with english cream ...
I get my pancakes and the chocolate in them was really dehydrated almost as if it was dark chocolate which probably was ... but then i didnt get my english cream ?
I asked them for it and they said they dont have any left .
So i get my bill at the end and had to pay $ 12 for the pancakes WITHOUT english cream , and she added a $ 1.45 tip. Did i have to pay all of this ?
Like what could i do in the future to stop letting restaurents taking advantage of me just cause im a teen .
First , Bar B Barn was this take out or eat in ?
Verify the bill , does the $ 2.00 say Gratuity or the same in French > If you feel this was an added tip , call them and talk to the manager , ask them to clarify the extra charge , and tell them you wish a reimbursement if it is warranted .
As for the place in Quebec , if it is part of a chain , email the issue to the store with a copy to the head office ( it will be on the web ) .
If it is an independent , write / email a polite letter to the owner and explain the situation .
If they are good owners , you will get a profound apology and a coupon for the next time you are in Quebec .
Do n't expect them to send you a few dollars by mail .
That 's not right , but you ca n't do anything about it .
They wo n't care about your complaints or anyones for that matter .
Its how it goes , its sad to see it that way but that 's what happens .
It all comes down to you speaking out .
Talk to the manager and explain the problem , just because your a teen should not influence them .
Next time something like that happens , be ready to speak to a manager but you have to do it professionally , have it all laid out in your head and speak , avoid um 's and like 's , as much as possible .
Talk slow but not real slow .
How can i find out if a business is legal ?
That 's licensed with a tax number in indiana ?
legal in what way ?
In canada do People who own PTC , traffic exchange , pay to read email websites , ... . . ?
Have to apply for source deductions taxes and other taxes that concerns employers as if they have employers ? .
What im saying is do sites like this considered as an employment site with employers ? .
At slicethepie ( pay to review songs ... . )
they dont have to do those kinds of taxes and they dont ask us for tax info .
At the link below someone said that slicethepie is '' is not employment or freelance work , it 's simply a reward scheme for entertainment purposes .
Payment is a gift to say thankyou , there are no contractual agreements saying that you 've been hired as a worker , there are no set hours or set work that you are demanded to carry out , there are no kind of restriction or limitation therefore it 's not taxable .
That 's in UK anyway , might be different in US .
'' so I was wondering if what the person said here would apply to canadians as well ? .
Thanks
page http://www.slicethepie.com/Forum/Default.aspx?g=search
Ps :
I know that people who make allot of money in a year must do taxes about the income they receive but the taxes im talking about here are only about employers ( people who work for the business ) which woulld require the business to get their taxes info ... ...
I cant find answers to my questions at those links but I found out something new which is taxes for non usa people who are using adsense.and it seems that non usa people dont give tax info .
A PTC ( pay to click ads ) site mention in their terms that they dont deal witth taxes and how it is the members resposiblity to report taxes in their own country if they need to so in canada if someone says that on their site they dont have to worry about workers taxes ?
How many of your contacts usually answer your questions ?
i do n't have much contacts on this account sadly , so i 'm going to try to put in tags that would attract my contacts , so they 'll see this answer .
ahem Excuse me
Kittens , Kitties , Puppies , Boobs , Bend Over , Spiderman , Sharks , Darkness , Dark , Scary , Sparta , 300 , Ballet , Siccors , rugrats , spongebob , One Direction , One Erection ( ? )
, Kesha , Lupe Fiasco , Kid Cudi , Linkin Park , red , Paramore , Twilight Sucks , Justin Bieber sucks , Brushing teeth , pandas , finding nemo , and Basketball .
Now we play the waiting game several . .
none Got no contacts .
Italian restaurants in SFU burnaby ?
Hello , Does anyone know of any italian restaurant 's on Burnaby hill or any that serve italian food ?
Preferably ones that do n't need a reservation or ones that can have a reservation made online Port moody seems like a mission away from burnaby hill , is it hard to get too ?
:
S
Rose 's ! ! !
SO GOOD its in port moody just on the bottom of the hill ...
The interior is amazing , full of pictures of celebrities who have visited .
Does anyone recall a hamburger shop in Macleay St Kings Cross called Minskys ?
It was open in the early 1970 ' s. Was it a part of , or modelled on , the British Wimpey hamburger chain ?
When did it open and when did it close ?
Check out http://www.johnwatson.com.au / is that the one ... ... ... . . ?
Centrelink question ...
Help please ?
So i have a step sister but she do n't live with my step mom or neither my dad .
She moved out with her sister .
they rent a house .
some how my step sister manage to get 300 bucks a fortnight .
i 'm also in a same position as at her .
Living with my bro in a renting house .
so what i want to ask is how can i get the payment like her with centrelink ... . .
thanks you need to go to centrelink and talk to a social worker there , they will decide on your age and welfare and whether you are elligible for any welfare until you get work or study .
You will only get paid if you work or study and are showing up for school or work .
and if you are under 16 , they will only pay you if you are unable to live with your parents .
PAN CARD services .
if you want pan card so call me on 9908941828 .
Fee Rs. 250 ?
PAN CARD services .
if you want pan card so call me on 9908941828 .
Fee Rs. 250 highest salary offered in india ?
highest position in IT carrier . .
salary ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
CEO of Naveen Jindaal , his salary is Rs 39.70 crore ( Rs 397 million ) .
for what purpose ?
you r asking this question ?
QLD proof of age card used in other states ?
I have a proof of age card issued in Queensland .
I want to go down to Melbourne for a weekend and hit the clubs .
Can I use my proof of age card to get in to clubs and bars down there ?
I have the new one , the fancy one with the chip in it , not the old laminate .
Yep , that 's fine .
It 's other student ID cards they seem to have a problem with .
Quesion on PST / GST in Canada ?
PST / GST in Canada Liabilities or expense in the journal accounts ?
Since it 's paid right after goods or services is done , so i think it should be an expense ?
If the company is a GST registrant , it gets back any GST it pays .
So GST paid is an asset ( a receivable , called ITC ) .
Companies do not get back any PST they pay , so it 's part of the expense .
GST / HST paid is an asset , GST / HST collected is a liability .
PST paid is generally an expense as it is n't recoverable , except in Quebec , where it 's called QST .
Loney places in mylapore ?
iam gettin a new car n i want to spend some time with her alone inside the car ! !
but i don wan any people disturbing us ! !
not even passersby ! ! !
can u suggest some streets r place in n around mylapore so that v can spend a good time ! ! ! !
i don wan critics pls help ! !
go on a longdrive outside the city Wrong filling of tax ward in ITR - 1 ?
I filed my ITR first time via e-filing.I am a salaried person and got form - 16,and i do n't have any other income.my query is in place of income tax ward / circle I wrote TDS CIRCLE JAMSHEDPUR.As I am working in jamshedpur ( jharkhand ) but my PAN card is from bhilai - chhattisgarh.what should I do now ?
An incorrect mention of Ward / Circle in the return form does not invalidate the return .
It is only an error which occurred unintentionally .
Do not worry about it , your return will be dealt with by the right Tax Assessing Officer as they also know who is the correct assessing authority in your case .
Sleep peacefully !
For more information visit this site : http://www.incometaxindia.gov.in/home.asp there is no important for the place for the PAN CARD but you must try the correction of Income tax How do you join the Ottawa Fire department ?
I want to join it after I finish high school / the requried training , so how do i join ?
( Ottawa , ON , Canada ) Apply here on the city of Ottawa firefighter recruitment website .
Good luck !
Try search `` Ottawa Canada Fire Administration '' , `` Ottawa Canada Fire Ministry '' , `` Ottawa Fire department '' and related ones .
There is much literature you are expected to read before applying .
If someone working on L1 visa in US is transferred back to India , will he still draw the US salary ?
may be !
taxes charged to home owner for work done on home ?
i am starting a small business doing home renovations , what taxes do i charge the home owner.I think stores only charge hst , is that what i would charge , thanks Depends on how billed and if your state taxes labor .
Also , depends on if you have a wholesale certificate to pass through taxes .
In my state if you bill $ 10,000 parts and labor , tax is due on the whole thing .
If you bill $ 4000 labor and $ 6000 parts then only the parts are taxed .
Ask you local CPA or EA .
You should have one to set up the books and tax permits for you anyway or youll be in big trouble come tax time .
what is the sale tax in Tn ?
what is the sale tax in West Tn Looks like 7 percent state tax plus whatever local tax is added :
http://www.tn.gov/revenue/tntaxes/salesanduse.htm Wht is d term excise duty al about in readymade garments and hoseiry ?
What is the concept all about ?
how is it calcuted ?
on wht is it clcutd ?
how much indian govt wil recieve total revenue frm it ?
then when is d tax clctd plz help me out .
Do you like to eat a meal alone ?
Or with others ?
Would you still eat a balanced meal ?
Or just get a small snack.Like cheese and crackers , or chips ?
I am a former chef and except when I was younger and at home with my family I eat 900f my meals alone , I could count my cat as dinner company but he is not a great conversationalist , I am one of those people who prefers to eat alone , and I hate when out that I am stuck at a table near the front or window , I feel like a side of beef ( knowing I am a big man ) , but when I eat as I diabetic with arthritic issues and on a low glycemic diet , I have chosen to follow a lacto - ovo vegetarian diet mostly , cheating for me is a bran muffin I really have no preference .
I eat mostly with others because I eat at my desk while I am working for both breakfast and lunch and I share an office with 2 other people who generally do the same at the same time .
I eat the same amounts either way .
I am big on portion control especially because I do n't care to work out so its how I maintain a healthy weight .
I also always try to eat a balanced meal .
I drink water all day long , if I am sick of it I throw in a half a single serve of Crystal Light .
For my snacks I personally like veggie sticks or cut fruit .
I live with my boyfriend and his teenage daughter and my 2 toddlers so we eat dinner as a family .
I have never really thought of that but bow that yur question got me thinking of it , I think I like eating alone lol .
I have time 2 think for myself and enjoy my food without distractions How long wil it take for a correction pan card ?
it should take 4 to 6 weeks not toos ure at max 2 weeks if you have applied through their website should people with children pay more tax ?
say 2 couples both have a combined income of 30k but one couple has 2 children , should that couple pay more tax as they are taking more out of the system than they put in ?
Through schooling , health care , more rubbish produced ect ?
On the contrary , I would suggest that children should have the same tax allowance as adults , which would not only encourage more parents to work , but would help to remove working families from the poverty trap .
The idea that children are some kind of luxury good , and that if you can not afford them you should not have them is not compatible with the survival of any nation .
Unless you want a nation of elderly singletons being cared for by successive waves of emigrants you actually need to ensure that healthy , educated and generally happy children are always being raised in all social classes .
We live as part of a Society not as atomistic individuals , and we can never live any other way unless you wish to take yourself off to a desert island .
No !
Whos to say that they 're taking out more than they put in ?
We have 2 children , but I know that neither child has had much call on the NHS throughout their lives so far , and I also know that we as a family make LESS rubbish than some of our neighbours : we have a smaller grey bin which is rarely full ( compared to our neighbours with a bigger bin & NO children living at home ; we do not have a fridgeful of food which ends up wasted through over-buying & then having a lot of food being past its use - by date . We recycle as much as we can and have a compost bin for vegetable peelings etc.
Our children attend school , of course they do , and both work hard .
They are both very good students at the top of their year groups , with good work ethics , both expected to go on to higher education and when they do finally start work , they will continue to make a valid contribution to society - including paying their own taxes !
that sounds logical taxation of female minors in india ?
i 'm a 16 yr old girl from new delhi , india and i am starting a stationery brand i wanted to know whether there is taxation of minors and if there is , how much is it ?
You should ask this in Y !
A India : http://in.answers.yahoo.com/;_ylt=AiH3fu.rHlknHaGwN7egurEazKIX;_ylv=3 after a 6ales tax , a shirt cast $ 15.37 .
Find the cost before tax .
what is the formula to solve ?
x * .06 = 15.37 94 -- -- -- -- -- 15.37 100 -- -- -- -- - x x = 1537/94 x = 16.35 The formula to calculate an after tax price is simply X
( 1 + tax rate ) , with X being the cost before tax .
So since you know the answer to that formula , you would simply solve for X.
X
( 1 + 6 % ) = $ 15.37 X
( 1 + .06 ) = $ 15.37 1.06X = $ 15.37 X = $ 15.37 / 1.06 X = $ 14.50
As a quick check , multiply $ 14.50 by 6 % , then add it .
$ 14.50 x .06 = $ 0.87 $ 14.50 + $ 0.87 = $ 15.37 Rent Beniifts and Job Help please UK ?
ok i started a job its only 8 hour contract but im garenteed 16 hours but i been told il will be doing 24 hours so 3 x a week 8 hour days = 24 hours a week next routa for next week is now 4 X a week but 26 hours a week as they making me start later so im gaining a 2 hours and got to go work on a extra day for it - bit of a con plus due to hours not being as long i will not be entitled to a hours lunch break means for this extra 2 hours i come in a extra day plus it cost me a hours wage for petrol to get there and back to work ... .
so really gain extra 1 hour wage before tax lol the job is back braking AND MINUM WAGE so i really dont want no more than 24 hours as i want to seek a better job while in employment this will also mess my housing benift about ? ? ?
as 1 week i could get 24 hours next 26 next 39 next 24 again next maybe 30 could even be 50 hours plus the job is only Temp maybe become perm 3 month temp contract at the moment Xmas staff basicly any help and advice ?
does anyone have a rough idea on HOUSING benifet etitlements how much 0f rent u pay on say a 24 hours a week job say a 110 a week council house with 2 children under 16 in school and a wife who does not work but wouldnt not be entitled to jsa etc as she is a housewife I cant give exact amounts because I do n't know all your details .
I just filled in the benefit calculator here ; http://www.tmbc.gov.uk/assets/finance/webbencalc2011/wbc-xpSp11.htm with the info you gave and it came out as awarding full housing benefit .
Double check it though as I had to make up a few of the figures like your age , wage , LHA rate etc. medical bill tax write off ?
can you write off medical bills that are not paid in full yet ?
Where is a good restaurant in central Granada for a sacromonte omelette ?
The omelette made of testicles and brains I do n't believe there is such a thing as a good place to get one .
Is there a Brazilian restaurant in this city ?
1 .
Ambalapatt Restaurant , Pattom Opp Lic Building Location :
Thiruvananthapuram 2 .
Sagara Restaurant , Gpo Junction Vazhuthacaud Location :
Thiruvananthapuram
3.Galaxy Restaurant , Pattom Pattam Bhaskar Bldg Nr St Marys Church 26 Location :
Thiruvananthapuram
4 .
Casabianca , Gpo Junction 96 Vazhuthacaud M P Appan Road Location :
Thiruvananthapuram NO ! ! ! !
Ca n't find any info on Brazilian Restaurants !
:-) \ \ / / Is there a restaurant in this city that serves orange roughy ?
tht is australian sea food . .
i dont think we get in ahemdabad What is the best place in this city to get a rack of beef ribs ?
Beef Ribs ?
I do not know of any place which will do a good job .
You can try in most 5 Star hotels , Premier Clubs ( if you have a friend who can take you there ) and also the fine dining restaurants .
Mostly you will get beef steaks .
Ribs maybe possible at a place called ZARRA in South City Mall .
Is there a Mcdonalds in Kolkatta ?
YES .
I know of 3 outlets .
One is on Park Street , One is in Mani Square ( near Apollo Hospital on the EM Bypass ) .
One is in City Centre 2 which is near the airport .
I think yes .
Also please visit this site it will surely help you . .
http://www.mcdonaldsindia.com .
Thank.you .
Income taxes , single under 12,000 a year ?
Am I able to get all my taxes back if I am single and made under 12,000 this year ?
Whats the maximum I can make and get all my taxes back ?
If you are not a dependent , the most that you can make and get a full refund of all federal income taxes is $ 9,500 for 2011 .
If you are a dependent , that drops to $ 5,800 .
FICA taxes are never refundable .
State income taxes are all over the chart so different numbers likely apply .
Can I get tax write offs with a salaried job either w2 or w4 and independent contractor 1099 job ?
If I have two jobs : one salaried and one independent contractor 1099 .
Can I still get tax write offs such as home office , vehicle usage , phone , food , etc. for my 1099 earnings ?
You can write off valid expenses that help you earn income .
Home office deduction depends on what you were doing and other questions .
I recommend you see a taxpro for the first year .
You can get the normal self - employed expense writeoffs .
Home office only if that space is used regularly and exclussively for your contractor business .
Vehicle usage - for business miles for your i.c .
work .
Phone - only if you have a separate phone line just for your business .
Food - partial , when entertaining clients - not just your food .
There is no tax write off for food even if you have just one job .
If you have just one phone , then there is no writeoff for that either .
If you have separate phone lines for personal and business calls , then you can writeoff the extra cost to have two lines instead of one .
In either case , you can writeoff charges for business calls ( long distance , roaming , etc. ) if the bill lists them individually .
You can get the home office writeoff if you meet the requirements for it .
You can get the vehicle usage writeoff .
I 'm a first time mom and I worked this year approximately 9 months , How much can I expect back ?
Post this in the US .
It depends on your tax code and how much you earned .
We are only 6 months into the current tax year so how can you have worked 9 months ?
Google in `` UK income tax '' and a web site pops up which will work out the tax you will pay .
That depends on how much you earned , how much tax you paid and what your tax code was .
Plus what you earn between now and next 5th April .
How much is the duty fee from U.S. to Canada ( Amazon.com ) ?
I live in Canada and I want to order a pair of boots from amazon.com .
The Canadian amazon does n't have those boots .
They cost $ 349 , will there be duty fees when they arrive ?
These are the boots : http://www.amazon.com/FRYE-Womens-Cindy-Slouch-Boot/dp/B00352KN2K/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1316741726&sr=8-3 It depends on where the boots were made .
You can look up duty rates here : http://betterdollar.com
You will have to pay provincial sales tax .
You will have to pay an administrative fee to the shipper ( postal service is cheapest , around $ 10 ) .
I have a question regarding being an Independent Contractor .
Do I need to get a business account and License ?
Do you know how to file a 1099 ?
How often do you file taxes and will it cost me a lot to do my taxes when the time comes ?
Any help will be greatly appreciated .
Thanks ! ! !
http://www.sba.gov / will have all the information youll need to go into business for yourself .
As far as needing a license , that pretty much depends on your local laws and what you plan on doing .
If you are working out of the house as a writer , a bookkeeper , ebay seller etc , you do n't need a license .
If you plan on opening a catering business , a cleaning service , day care or some other business where you are in contact with the public , then you probably do need a license .
Your city hall can give you the answer there .
As far as a business account , I have one only because it helps me separate out my business expenses from my personal expenses .
This account is merely a personal account in which I have my name and the name of my business on my checks ... it is not a `` business account '' per se which would cost more money and would be totally unnecessary .
You do n't file 1099s on yourself .
You get them from other people .
While everyone who pays you more than $ 600 a year is supposed to provide you one , half the time they do n't which is why you need you keep your own records there .
I keep a set on invoices on all my billings which is reconciled against my income at the end of the year .
You are supposed to send in quarterly reports on your income along with quarterly payments .
Read this link from the IRS for information about that http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/selfemployed/index.html
Those 2 links seriously will tell you everything .
good luck !
Likewise You do not need a business account or license .
You have to pay self - employment tax , which is normally 15.3 % , but less this year , in addition to regular income tax .
You FILE only once per year , but you PAY four times per year .
Almost all businesses that sell to the public now need a local business license .
Check with your county or city business department to find out .
A business account at a bank is not required , but is very useful in separating business and personal expenses .
If income tax is $ 3502 plus 280f taxable income over $ 23,000 .
How much is the income tax on a taxable incom ?
Please - I need step by step on how to solve this problem not too sure You have n't given us the whole problem .
Take you taxable income .
Subtract 23,000 .
Multiply by .28 ( 28 % ) .
Add 3502 .
tds on payment to sec 35 company ?
The company paying an amount to sec 35 company with related to research .
whether the compny is liable to made tds on such amount It is necessary for the payee company to produce a certificate under 197 of the Income tax Act 1961 , from the assessing officer concerned for ' nil ' deduction of tax at source to the payer , if no tds is to be made .
Overdue taxes . .
child tax benefit question ?
I live in alberta canada .
Was late on my taxes this year .
So havent received child tax for a while .
If I went to H and R block and did my taxes now would they refund my child tax there or would I have to wait until next month for the backpay ?
I have to wait until next month for the backpay ?
You will have to wait until CRA processes your return .
Once they 've done that , your next child tax payment will include retroactive amounts .
CRA makes the natural assumption that if you do n't file your tax return on time , you do n't need the money very much .
I have lost my card , that 's why I have applied for another pancard , pan card ref.no - 519463325,what is the status ?
It is quite a simple task to checl PAN Card Status / number with the help of first name , middle name , surname and date of birth and Father 's First , middle , surname .
The website from which you can check the detail is https : / / tin.tin.nsdl.com / pan / index.html
Yet it is a bit of a tricky task .
The reason is that it is very difficult to put first , middle , surname with right spellings .
To get the PAN we have to match the data given in PAN data base .
You may check the status at :
https : / / tin.tin.nsdl.com / tan / servlet / PanStatusTrack you can check on tin - nsdl website but remember that you have applied for reprint of card not for new pan card .
Monumental B - day coming up ...
Best bars in Portland , OR ?
Yes the 21st birthday is coming up .
We are n't huge drinkers and do n't fancy the hip young scene like most people our age .
Just looking for a good place to kick it for the night .
Help me out .
I 'll talk any suggestions .
Thanks Oh , happy birthday to you !
Here are a few of my favorite bars in Portland , or.
Bailey 's Taproom ( 213 SW Broadway ) - I really recommend this bar .
Two of my friends just threw their parties in the bar .
The bar has great beer and a nice , relaxed atmosphere .
We also enjoy the board games there .
If this location is not convenient for you , there are some other bars that are also really good .
* Teardrop Cocktail Lounge - 1015 Northwest Everett St. * Paddy 's Bar & Grill - 65 SW Yamhill * Shanghai Tunnel - 211 Southwest Ankeny St. * Henry 's Tavern - 10 Northwest 12th Ave.
If these clubs are not your likings , you may find your favorite one from this link : http://www.portland-hotels-oregon.com/portland-nightlife
Have a great night !
what are my options after l recived a letter from the IRS of LEVY ?
Sorry for the lecturing administered by my colleagues .
Here 's the brief summary of your options , but I do not have enough information about your situation to give you more concrete advice .
1 .
What is the reason for the levy threat ?
In other words , do you agree that you really owe this money to the IRS ?
What often happens is that IRS does not have your tax return or can not find some of the numbers on your tax return , or the IRS thinks you made a mistake .
As a result , they * presume * you owe them money even though you may not .
The IRS of course sent you some letters before this one and gave you some warning , but it does not matter at this point .
What matters is : does the amount they say you owe look correct to you ?
If not , you need to call the IRS ASAP and explain that you 're going to dispute the amount they 're asking for .
After that , you must protest it very quickly , because normally they will give you only 30 days before they resume collection .
If you have no idea whether or not this IRS debt is legit , your only option is to consult a professional .
The IRS will not help you in this matter .
2 .
If the IRS debt is legitimate , the next question is : do you have money to pay ?
If yes , pay ASAP and call the IRS to tell them you 're making a payment .
3 .
If you do not have money to pay the full amount but have money for some payments , then you need to establish a payment plan , officially known as Installment Agreement .
If your debt is under $ 25,000 then you can set up a payment plan for up to 5 years , no questions asked .
You can call the IRS ( use the number from the levy notice ) and start this plan .
You can even set it up online .
4 .
If you have no money to pay the IRS anything , or if your debt is over $ 25,000 , then you still need to call the IRS and explain them your situation .
Expect a long and detailed interrogation where they will ask you a lot of question to determine whether indeed you can not afford to pay them .
Beware that the IRS has a very unfriendly concept of what you can and can not afford , according to the Federal tax law .
Also , they can demand that you sell your investments or borrow money to pay your tax debt .
One of my links points to Form 433A .
Check out this form to be prepared for the conversation with the IRS collectors .
If the IRS concludes you can not pay , they will freeze the collection .
Or they may inform you that you must be paying X dollars each month .
If you can afford it , accept the offer and set up monthly bank draft .
5 .
If the IRS insists you have to pay them at least X dollars per month but you are absolutely unable to - try to call the same IRS number again and persuade another IRS rep. If it still does not work , you can plead your case to the Taxpayer Advocate Service ( see my links ) .
If you convince them that you really experience a hardship , they will help you for free .
6 .
If none of that works , before giving up , consult with a tax expert if you have other options .
It 's really case - by - case .
Whatever you decide to do - CALL THE IRS TODAY - before they actually issue the levy .
Getting it removed is more difficult than preventing it from being issued .
Michael Plaks , EA , Houston TX Specializing in IRS audits and IRS collection www.MichaelPlaks.com So , the other letters did n't get your attention , but the Levy one did ?
Think hard about how you are going to pay your bill , then call the number on the letter .
If you set up a payment plan that is satisfactory to the IRS , they will not do the levy .
But that means coming up with cold hard cash to bring the balance down , not just a promise to do it real soon now .
Get moving and get it taken care of ASAP to the satisfaction of the IRS and the FMS United States Treasury Department for this purpose , You should be able to find some good contact information on the notice some place probably on the first page .
Or go to your local IRS office with the notice in your hand .
Levying your wages , federal payments , state refunds , or your bank account .
If we levy your wages , salary , or federal payments , the levy will end when :
The levy is released ,
You pay your tax debt , or
The time expires for legally collecting the tax .
If we levy your bank account , your bank must hold funds you have on deposit , up to the amount you owe , for 21 days .
This holding period allows time to resolve any issues about account ownership .
After 21 days , the bank must send the money plus interest , if it applies , to the IRS .
To discuss your case , call the IRS employee whose name is shown on the Notice of Levy .
http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=108341,00.html
Hope that you find the above enclosed information useful .
09/23/2011 How much Federal and State tax should I have withheld from my paycheck ?
Currently , 11.40f my pay is withheld for Federal tax and 4.79 0s withheld for VA State tax .
I am trying to get these as low as possible to increase my take home pay but want to prevent withholding too little and risk being penalized by the IRS .
What is a safe percentage of money to have withheld ?
Thanks in advance .
Typically it is best to withhold at least 30 % to avoid end of year surprises .
You could try using the below enclosed information for this purpose and then once in a while do some estimated income tax calculations during the year to try and see how close you are to maybe get a REFUND or maybe OWE an amount when you do correctly complete your 1040 income tax return when the next year filing season will begin around the middle of January of the next year .
Use the search box at the www.irs.gov website for the IRS Withholding Calculator
http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96196,00.html
If you are an employee , the Withholding Calculator can help you determine whether you need to give your employer a new Form W - 4 , Employee 's Withholding Allowance Certificate to avoid having too much or too little Federal income tax withheld from your pay .
You can use your results from the calculator to help fill out the form .
Who Can Benefit From The Withholding Calculator ?
To Change Your Withholding :
Use your results from this calculator to help you complete a new Form W - 4 , Employee 's Withholding Allowance Certificate .
Submit the completed Form to your employer .
Go to the www.irs.gov website and use the search box for 1040ES and then go to page 6 also has the 2011 Tax Rate Schedules and page 7 has the estimated tax worksheet available for your use also .
http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf
Copy and paste the below enclosed website address into your browser bar and choose the estimated tax calculator for the 2011 tax year .
http://www.dinkytown.net/java/Tax1040.html
Enter your filing status , income , deductions and credits and we will estimate your total taxes for 2011 .
Based on your projected withholdings for the year , we can also estimate your tax refund or amount you may owe the IRS next April 2012 .
In 2011 , Federal income tax rates were scheduled to increase to pre- 2 001 levels , but the `` Tax Hike Prevention Act of 2010 '' left the existing tax brackets in place through 2012 .
Please note that this calculator uses the preliminary 2011 tax tables .
I would hope that you do find the above enclosed information useful for your situation and good luck to you with this matter .
09/23/2011 Just follow the instructions on Form W - 4 and your state 's withholding form and the correct amount will be withheld .
If you are married and your spouse works or if you hold 2 or more jobs at the same time , use the IRS ' withholding calculator at http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96196,00.html?portlet=4 to get it right .
mg zt 1.8 t how much my road tax ?
I depends on the year you fool .
pre 2003 will be a set tax rate , post 2003 its based on emissions .
134.75 i taxed a 51 plate one for my neighbour at beginning of september for 6 months Look here : http://carfueldata.direct.gov.uk / Help filing unemployment ?
what does the following mean ?
Unemployment benefits are fully taxable if you are required to file a tax return .
If you elect to have income tax withheld from your payable benefits , the rate will be a standard ten ( 10 ) percent .
You will be required to print out , complete and return to us Form W4V authorizing this withholding .
Until this form is received by this agency , no such withholding will be deducted .
1 .
Tax must be paid on your unemployment .
2 .
If you fill out the Form W4V and send it to the agency that sent you the letter , then they will send 900f each week 's unemployment to you and will use 10 % to pay your taxes .
If the 10 0s enough to pay all your income tax , then you will not have to pay more .
If it is too much , you will get a refund when you file your tax return .
If it is not enough , then you will have to pay the rest of your tax .
3 .
If you do not fill out the Form W4V and send it to them , then they will send 1000f each week 's unemployment to you and you will have to pay all of your taxes yourself .
What part do n't you understand ?
Unemployment benefits are taxable on your federal tax return .
And , if you do n't file the correct form with your state they will not withhold federal taxes .
Meaning you will be liable for any tax on your benefits .
What is so hard to understand ... that was in layman 's terms ... straight forth English .
Myself , I do n't see how they could make it any clearer .
But I hope this helps It means exactly what it says .
It could not be any more straightforward or clear .
confused about accounting entries ?
i need the answer for salay paid to any person for instance the person 's name is a ?
what is the entry and explanation is also required
thank you do your own homework id !
ot Is there a double dinner meal at subway australia ?
Does anyone know if there is a subway double dinner meal deal in Australia ?
I 've tried to locate it on the net , but I ca n't really find anything .
My friend told me they got a free drink cookies and extras there is a voucher for > buy i footlong & a drink & get a footlong for free no there is n't .
what is non tax deductible expenditure ?
anything that is personal and has nothing to do with future retirement or work .
You can claim a percentage of your petrol and car maintenance if the company requires you to use it .
You can not claim your car if you use it for home and driving to and from work
You can claim part of your house if you use an office .
but you can not claim that office if you have a work place at your company and they do n't require that you do home office work Should I take property or cash in probate ?
I live in Ohio and my father died without a will .
He did n't have much , but he had three cars -- nothing that fancy .
I have 2 brothers .
We can sell the cars and divide the profits among us , or we can each take 1 car .
( They 're all about the same and none of us care which car we get . )
If we sell all the cars and take the money in probate , there is no tax since inheritances are not taxed .
My question is :
If I take the car and then decide to sell it in two months , will I be taxed on the profits ?
There will be no taxes due unless the estate is worth more then 1.1 million dollars .
How you receive the inheritance is not important as the taxes would have to be paid before you receive property .
They are estate taxes not inheritance taxes .
There wo n't be any taxable profit unless you are talking about something extremely rare and exotic .
Cars depreciate , they do n't appreciate .
Your basis in the car would be its value on the date of his death and you 'd have to sell it for more than that for there to be any taxable profit .
Maybe If you sell the car for MORE than its FMV at estate valuation ... .
either date of death or 6 months later We 're talking capital gains tax , not inheritance , and it would be reported on income tax return if it happened ... .
unlikely as cars depreciate I have lived in Taiwan for the past 6yrs,am i exempt from Capital Gains Tax . ?
I am no longer a resident of the UK , but own 7 acres of grass land in the UK , will i still have to pay Capital Gains Tax on this land if i sell it .
To be totally exempt from CGT tax on UK assets , you need to be out of the UK for at least 5 complete tax years .
So as long as you do n't intend to return soon , you should be OK No , unless it was used in a trade the sale is not taxable on you .
I suspect the Taiwanese tax authority may have an interest .
Canada Child Tax Benefit ?
Hi , I am seeking an answer from someone whose signed up within the last year . .
I am having a baby in a couple months ( Jan ) and was wondering how this all worked .
Do the payments start a certain month of the year OR as soon as you sign up do these start sending the payment within X number of days ?
So if I sign up in January , I would receive in February or March ...
It started pretty quickly after signing up .
I have a 3 month old and I got my first payment about 2 months ago .
Your hospital should give you an information card which gives you a link to the website to apply for SIN , birth certificate and apply for the Canada Child Tax Benefit and the Universal Childcare one too .
The payments start the month after the baby is born .
If you have the baby in January , the payments start in February .
If you do n't get around to filing the paperwork immediately , or ( more likely ) if CRA takes some time to process it , your first payment will contain amounts retroactive to February .
How to get VAT / CST No. ?
UK tel number : what city in the UK starts with 0870 606 xxxx ?
of cause there is such a no. but i want to know which city of cause there is such a no. but i want to know which city of cause there is such a no. but i want to know which city 0870 is a non geographic code ( National code ) so it does n't relate to a specific place .
no uk phone code starts with that that 's a call center Trying to figure out the Interest Income ?
On March 1 , 2012 , Sun Co. loaned $ 12,000 to Silena Co. for one year at 6 percent interest .
What is Sun Co. ' s interest income for 2012 ?
And I 'm trying to find the Interest income for 2013 also Do you think there has been an increase in `` tax resistance '' since the Iraq war ?
For example people able to work but refusing to work due to disagreeing with government spending of taxes .
I guess the theory is dont give them as much money so they cant keep making poor decisions .
For instance , Iraq War , Dale Farm and HS2 .
So do you think there is a certain unhappiness in society that is causing more tax resistance ?
Thanks The invasion of Iraq was illegal .
Dale Farm is a completely different matter .
The law will , hopefully , be upheld .
Yes , but only amongst the individuals who actually pay the Tax ...
. .
and ( I would suggest ) the MP 's fraudulent expenses and recent rescue of UK Banks ( without insisting that they close their ' commercial banking ' ( i.e gambling ) operations ) is likely to be more of a ' pain point ' with Taxpayers than the other things you have mentioned ...
The fact is , Government ( of all types ) have spent the last 100 years gradually eliminating all wealth creation and replaced it with wealth consumption ( i.e. Taxing those who make things and handing out ' benefits ' to those who do n't ) .
When the ( Labor ) Government discovered that increasing the Tax rate beyond 80 % actually resulted in less Tax being collected ( in the 1960 ' s ) they simply started borrowing money instead . .
Now they have reached the limits of borrowing they have started PRINTING it . .
and we all know how that 's going to end ...
What is the percentage of GST in Canada and for income tax ?
What is the percentage of GST in Canada and for income tax ?
Tax will be applied to every individual with a specific percentage of income The Goods and Services Tax in Canada is 5 % .
However , some provinces combine their provincial sales taxes and the GST into a single tax ( Harmonized Sales Tax or HST ) .
Federal income tax backets are : up to $ 41,544 -- 15 % next $ 41,544 -- 22 % next $ 83,088 -- 26 % additional -- 29 %
Someone earning $ 200,000 pays 150f $ 41,544 , 220f $ 41,544 , 260f $ 83,088 , plus 290f $ 33,824 .
All income is calculated after deductions -- personal , charity , RRSP , capital gains loses , etc. WHAT IS THE LIMIT FOR TAX AUDIT US 44 AB OF IT ACT FOR COMMISSION AGENTS ?
60,00,000 / - Section 44AB mentions only two limits viz .
Rs. 15 lakhs for professionals and Rs. 60 lakhs for all businesses .
As the business of commission agent does not come under the term Professional , tax audit limit under Sec. 44AB would be Rs. 60 lakhs .
How many Bank holidays have passed this year ?
UK ?
Im trying to work out all the bank holidays that have gone by , thanks ... need it for work I accidentally my house .
Now what ?
I do n't always , but when I do , I accidentally everything .
I need help figuring this out .
You might accidentally come upon the answer .
Accidentally what ? . .
Ok you have a serious problem .
But it can be solved in easily .
First , look outside .
You will find a .44 in a locked black box .
The combination will be : 01 - 50 - 23 - 01 .
Put the numbers in THAT precise order , or else the box will blow up .
Take the .44 and enter the Nexus .
You will find a blue portal , a red portal , and a green portal .
Take the BLUE portal .
The others will kill you if you enter them .
Once inside the blue portal , you will see a giant fire ant .
You need to figure out how to kill them .
I recommend using the .44 .
Loot the corpse .
In the corpse you will find a key .
Once you have the key , look to your left .
A door will appear .
Then , RUN to the door .
It will only appear for 60 seconds .
Once inside the door .
Simply navigate the maze .
The correct path is left , left , straight , right , backwards , right , straight , straight , left , back , left , and right .
Once at the end of the maze you will find the solution to your problems .
In short , do n't troll .
tax exempt status of churches ?
First off I think most churches do some what have good intentions .
I dont think they should be tax exempt with out proof of putting the money back into their communities .
Is their any law that states they need to ?
How much are they required ?
If they dont what is the penalty ?
You can think what you want .
Churches can mostly do what they want other than being the piggy bank for the minister .
It 's not a specific amount or % that goes back to the community .
It 's their purpose , and how their business is conducted and what they use their money for . .
You can read about non-profits and about charitable organizations at irs.gov
Penalty for violating the rules is termination of their tax exempt status .
YES there is a law IRS has inspected the records of many so - called churches Actually interesting case in IL where a hospital lost its tax exempt status because it was n't doing charity ... .
they called it charity if they billed you and you could n't / did n't pay and they wrote it off ! !
What amazes me is why there are so many storefront churches in the poorer parts of town where the pastors drive BMWs & Lincolns and wear bespoke suits ... .
and the parishioners give their pittance to these charlatans I will definetely be traveling to Campeche soon , what are my dining options ?
I would first ask the hotel management for coupons on local restaurants , which are usually a good place to eat , but if you would like to plan ahead , check out these sites for your dining options .
Some restaurants
Campeche Mediterraneo Casa Vieja de los Arcos La Parroquia Chac Pel La Pigua Marganzo you can always ask local people what they recommend , that is always the best option !
McDonalds vs Burger King , which do you prefer ?
i like McDonald 's prices better but the food at burger king is superior McDonalds !
i cant choose ... i love them both : ( What can stripper write off on there taxes ? Short answer : you probably do n't have enough deductions for this to help .
It also depends upon whether you are a W - 2 EMPLOYEE or 1099 - MISC INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR .
If you get a W - 2 :
Tools used in your job .
That is , the costume you wear at work as long as those clothes can not be used for anything else .
You can only write off the amount that exceeds 20f your gross income AND only if you itemize deductions ( you need about $ 5800 in deductions for this to make sense ) .
Use form 2106 .
If you are a 1099 - MISC CONTRACTOR , you deduct business expenses on Schedule C. their Outfits , some of them shoes they buy can be quite expensive Costumes would be about all .
And if you 're an employee , that would be only if you itemize , and only for the amount over 20f your income .
And remember , ALL of your tips are taxable income and must be reported .
How do I email the Tax Office ?
I need to sort out my personal Income Tax , but live outside the UK .
I have logged on to the website hmrc.gov.uk / contactus but can not find an email address .
Any ideas ?
Thanks to Poseidon for answering .
I guess it will have to be a phone call , but it is very expensive from here S America . .
Hi John ,
It does not appear that the Inland Revenue have an email address for tax queries , only to report a change of address or name .
It appears that you can only write ( Snail Mail ) or ring them .
No doubt you have already visited the HMRC website but if not I have given you the link below :
http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/index.htm
I would suggest that you ring the main number first because they may need to give you the number and address of your local office .
Good luck and I hope they do not , or have not , stung you for too much tax .
Poseidon You could phone but that is expensive .
Write in - post on hand is down to 5 days from receipt to reply mostly .
HMRC does not do business by E-mail due to the security risk .
Sorry .
The Tax Office are a bunch of morons and even if you were able to email them , they would never respond to you and if you chased them they would claim that they never received your email .
What you have to do is to buy one of those calling cards , you know the ones where you dial a local number and then get routed to an international one at a cheap one .
Then keep on phoning the idiots at the tax office until they resolve your situation - alternatively if you registered for online submissions of your tax returns , you could try to message them from there but I doubt they would respond .
They took 4 months to give me a refund of tax that was overpaid .
Thats how useless they are .
Most romantic restaurant on Oahu ?
What is the most romantic ( my idea of romantic is sort of secluded , intimate , low lighting ) restaurant on Oahu ?
La Mer at Halekulani Hotel Is there any one selling t - shirts with clever sayings promoting Cleveland , OH ?
Like Michiganawesome is doing . ?
Daffy Dan 's is the king of Cleveland T - shirts .
If they do n't have what you 're looking for , they do custom screening if you have an idea .
http://www.daffydan.com/clevelandtshirts.htm ANY GOOD SPAS IN OTTAWA ?
for my mommys bday , me and her are going ... not something SUPER expensive like holtz . .
Regine is really good , its on Rideau St but its amazing !
Also Yves Rocher is nice !
but as always , holtz is the best : ) Has anyone been to Kim Wah in San Antonio ?
Help !
I am going here tonight to celebrate an anniversary , and I would really appreciate some good recommendations about what to order .
We are very open minded food people , so we are up for anything on the menu .
Our only request is that it be from the authentic chinese menu , and not the Americanized one .
Also , has anyone tried the salt and pepper shrimp ?
This is one of my favorite dishes , but I am not sure if they do it well here .
Please let me know !
I only eat at P F Changs or Pei Wei ! ! !
Have you eaten at La Ronde restaurant in Edmonton ?
I 'm considering having an event there and would like to know your honest opinions on food , service , atmosphere , etc.
Please , only unbiased answers from people who have had actual dining exeriences there -- no employees or people with a vested interest in the restaurant .
if you are looking to dine there i highly suggest it the food is delicious , the waiters are always asking you if you need service and the view ... you can see the whole city from up there : ) i suggest getting the steak mmmmmmm i get it every time i go there ... sooooo tender sooooo delicious NO !
We celebrated my parents `` anniversary there just a short time ago . The dining experience there was interesting . The concept of a restaurant slowly revolving ( fully rotates every 90 minutes ) sounds exciting for some people , but for a number in our party it was actually uncomfortable . My husband found the rotation to be quite uncomfortable for him , though it was slow and steady . He tried sitting facing the windows and facing the wall , but neither left him feeling well by the end of the evening .
Having a party of more than four people made this not a great choice of restaurant .
Of our party of ten , five people were not privy to the view outside , and had to stare at the wall in the centre as the tables needed to be turned to create a single long table .
The service was absolutely excellent .
The staff treated us like royalty .
They were extremely attentive , and did well to anticipate our desires .
They were flawless !
The food was good , but not great .
I was disappointed in the choice of vegetable with our entrees ( cabbage and beets ) , the potatoes were bland and flavourless , but our prime rib of beef was perfectly cooked and delicious .
My desert , the strawberry sample plate , left much to be desired .
Flavours were odd , not really pleasing to my palate , nor anyone else 's at my table .
The dance floor is very tiny , and relatively useless .
The singer was mediocre , but the live piano music was nice .
We would have preferred just the music .
The entrance is very crowded with the elevators sharing the area with the singer , piano , and dance floor .
Quite awkward .
Overall , for this event , I would give the restaurant six out of ten .
This restaurant is more appropriate for a party of four or less people .
I live in a high rise downtown and get a beautiful view every day of Edmonton , so going to La Ronde for the view was n't overly special , and I do n't believe it was worth the cost .
If the food was better I may consider going back , but I honestly feel there are better restaurants in Edmonton with more to offer .
Any Good restaurants that offer unlimited buffet for lunch in chennai ?
can someone tell me any good restaurants that provide unlimited buffet non veg lunch in Chennai that costs around 250 rs for one person ?
Nungambakkam High Rd , Thyagaraya Nagar , Chennai - 044 64502042 The Park , Chennai , 601 , Anna Salai , Chennai - 044 42676000
BR Mathsya Restaurant , Thanikachalam Rd , Thyagaraya Nagar , Chennai - 044 4212 7007
Vegnation , Nungambakkam High Rd , Thyagaraya Nagar , Chennai - 044 64502042
Rajdhani Punjabi Dhaba 647 , Anna Salai , Chennai - 09380329568
Citrus , 146 , Dr Radhakrishnan Road , Mylapore , Mylapore , Chennai - 044 28114700
Punjabi Dhaba Rajdhani Restaurant , Hotel Landmark View , New No 354 Old No 647Anna Salai , Mount Road , Chennai - 081 24470007 Hi I came across this web site www.chennaihoteldeals.in which is specific about Chennai .
With good info on all hotel and good restaurants and their best deals .
Check this one also www.chennaidealsonline.com for best deals in Chennai .
-- chella how much Angels on Horseback ?
( English bacon - wrapped oysters appetizer ) NDGFOHSTEH Good pubs in Katoomba ?
A group of five of us between 20 and 22 are heading to Katoomba for a weekend soon and wanted to know if there 's any good bars around .
We 're staying at the YHA and I thought I 'd just ask them when we got there but some of us wanted some idea of where to go in advance .
Katoomba is not that great i 'm afraid .
The Baroque Bar & Night Club is as lively as it gets - open on Friday and Saturday nights , they have some DJ 's and other live entertainment .
15/47 Katoomba St , Tel 02 4782 1111
It 's upstairs from the Carrington Sports Bar Is it wrong to hate a certain race ?
I do n't mind doing a 5k but my running group is thinking of joining a 10k and I really do n't like them .
All of them , except for walking .
Is not wrong , but people think is race - ist I love your question !
Made me think of Racism when I read it .
But no , you like what types of races you like .
However , it would be good if you could learn to like them all .
Oh geez ... .
I read this over ... when I say `` race '' I mean like running !
Best place to eat in Vancouver BC gastown area ?
I 'm in Gastown just for today and I 'm looking for the best place to have lunch !
I 'm looking for something local and not touristy !
Thanks !
Joeys at Bentall Centre Which site has info of the best deals in Chennai ?
www.bdbdo.com has the best deals collected from different deal sites ... a good one . .
Check this one www.chennaidealsonline.com use google and search sites One word that describes ?
Callum - Hannah - Cam - Hanna - Alessa - Brad - Richalynn - MM - Alessa - Me :
D - Awesome
Callum - F * cked up loser Hannah - Lovely lovely lovely person Cam - Lovely lovely lovely person Hanna - Lovely lovely lovely person Alessa - Lovely lovely lovely person Brad - Lovely lovely lovely person Richalynn - Lovely lovely lovely person MM - Lovely lovely lovely person Alessa - Lovely lovely lovely person You :
D - Lovely lovely lovely person
F * ck it I 'm not gon na , I 've complimented everyone too much through knowing them as it is .
You all know I love you people Callum - Deep Hannah - H0e Cam - Beautiful Hanna - Funny Brad - Cool Richalynn - Crazy MM - CRAZY Alessa - Crazy Me :
D - Sexy If Vancouver got an MLB team , what would you name them ?
I 'm not debating that it 's going or not going to happen , I 'm just curious to see what the public would name them .
Think of a name that 's unique and has a good LOCAL significance to it .
More local the better .
The Vancouver Cheetahs probably name it after their hockey team or name them something like their hockey team vancouver national epoxy glass G10 , FR4 Laminate Sheet ?
epoxy glass G10 , FR4 Laminate Sheet epoxy glass G10 non FR Laminate Sheet epoxy glass HT G11 / FR5 Laminate Sheet epoxy glass HT G11 non FR Laminate Sheet insulation material for electric motors and transformer .
Web : http://www.hsinsulation.com Please do not misuse Yahoo Answers .
This is not the place to give ADs. Its the place to ask genuine questions FR4 = fiberglass FR5 = improved mechanical strength fiberglass HT = High Temperature
all of workable depending on you project needs and working environment temperatures .
Is this too much ( formal ) to wear to a dinner ?
http://i52.tinypic.com/fcnsdl.png
minus the jewellery and band around the waist , would it be too formal for a year 10 celebration and dinner ?
most girls in previous years have worn things like this
http://www.coutureinthecity.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/nicole-miller-bubble-dress.jpg http://www.lovelypromdress.com/products/big/20081230191557203.jpg http://media.onsugar.com/files/2011/01/03/0/1317/13171547/69f651a0bac03fd4_short_formal_prom_dresses.jpg
But I REALLY do n't suit short dresses , would I stand out too much if I were the only one wearing a long dress ? ?
That is a fabulous looking dress !
It 's no way too formal .
It would be not a bad thing to stand out anyway .
I 'm sure all the guys would be looking your way !
And if the girls are looking , they 're probably jeleous and wondering why they did n't opt for a similar style of dress .
Be you , have fun .
personally the longer one is much nicer : ) yeah if you minus the jewllery im sure it would look lovely !
also you have said what the previous girls have worn , so i dont think you will stand out in a bad way .
( like oh shes too overdressed ) to be honest it looks better if you stand out , long dresses are so in the amount of girls wearing the one like your pic at my prom was just :
O so go for it.im sure you will look lovely !
No , not at all .
It looks like about the right level of sophistication to me ie not too much , not too little .
The important thing is to match something to your figure , and make sure that you feel comfortable , rather than what everyone else thinks .
Besides there are n't that many opportunities to wear full length dresses at the moment ( unfortunately ) so you should wear one every chance you get .
Have a great evening out positively enterprising how much money to take to the melbourne show ?
I 'm 17 , im going on wednesday for a birthday party , so i need money for food , rides , showbags , and an entry ticket .
how much should i take ?
500 Well the answer above is just sad .
- .
- `` Anyways , you should take a fair amount of money : ) since show bags , food and drinks etc are sort 've expensive and you want to save your money for rides ( well I do anyway LOL ) .
I ca n't say exactly how much you should take , because I do n't know how much you can afford and what your limit is , but I would take more then intended just in case .
HAVE FUN !
I would go to the website & work out stuff like how many rides you think you want to go on & which showbags you think you want .
http://www.royalshow.com.au /
If you book today , you might be able to get a Ticket to Ride - entry + $ 40 ride coupon for just $ 44 .
Otherwise entry will be $ 20 and you 'll need to pay extra for rides .
You should probably take at least $ 20 - $ 30 for food & some extra money for emergencies ( if necessary , borrow this from your parents & put it in a separate part of your wallet or bag . )
What 's the most delicious pizza you 've eaten in Australia ?
And where did you eat it ?
A question to my fellow Aussies .
At the Pizza Farro in the High Street , Thornbury , Melbourne .
Their pizzas are the best i 've had and are very fresh , light and do n't fill you up excessively .
Their bases are superb .
Delicious pizzas .
Have to be the best in Australia .
Eagle boys made a really yummy hawian pizza few months ago was so good Go to Eat Love Pizza .
They have some really tasty good choices .
Perfect spot in Darling Harbour .
Great little authentic / new age style restaurant .
With an open deli and an awesome cheese and pasta display .
You can actually see the quality ingredients which go into your meal .
Enjoy !
where is botanic garden MRT ?
?
I 'm sorry I do n't know where is it & do n't think there 's a MRT .
why do people call babies a blessing ?
in my opion theyre just nasty snotty little brats that put everything in their mouth .
what do people who dont beleive in god call them ?
thats what i wan na know .
im 25 years old and i do not want to have a baby theyre nasty .
and germy .
They are called that because of sarcasm .
No but seriously , being a mother is the most natural thing in the world .
It can potentially be a source of great happiness and joy .
Why deny yourself of that ?
I guess we have modern way of life to blame .
You are still very young at age 25 .
You were once a baby .
You would n't be here on earth if you did n't become a baby once .
I am 57 and have been married for 23 years but I was not bless with a child .
I 'd say that a baby is a blessing because it completes the married life of a couple .
Besides , once that baby grows up and become an adult and we become elderly couples , that baby will be in turn look after us .
You may not realize it now but soon you will .
There are some people that feel that having a child ( of their own ) `` completes '' them or them as a couple .
There are others that feel that by taking in a child that is unwanted they can share their lives and love with another human being .
There are others that do not want a child under any circumstance .
There is nothing wrong with any of these three options .
What is wrong is one foisting their opinion on another and not taking the other persons feelings and point of view into count .
It is also possible that a person can move from one group to another without feeling like they have compromised themselves .
People change and situations change .
How many different fast food restaurants are in most big cities of India ?
I 'm assuming McDonalds for sure , are there any other 's or even a McDonalds ?
KFC among many other I 'm an actor , they 're all actors , those are hidden cameras and you 're on DISASTER PENE ! ?
you saw hahaha you write on my email my english is fuchmother Is there a decent mexican restaurant in this city ?
Having trouble trying to find Information on Mexican restaurans in Samut Prakan , Thailand !
:-) \ \ / / Depend on what you consider decent What is your favorite item from McDonalds ?
BIG MAC Vegi Deli wrap I will vote for Barack Obama just to piss you teabaggers off Is there a bar / restaurant near this city that has country western music ?
I doubt very much you would get any Mexican restaurant or the one that has country western music in this city .
Try Bangkok .
Better chance there .
And it is not that far away from Samut Prakan .
Wendy 's or Taco Bell , which do you prefer ?
I take a Wendy 's Burger and I will not go to taco bell the last time I ate taco bell has been 20 years ago it was real bad food for me after I ate there I went to the woods to do some running then I got lost in the woods when I reach to the other side of the woods I had to do some running on the road to get back to my car That is another reason I do n't want to go to taco bell that what happen when I eat at taco bell food Taco Bell - taco bell ( : Well done . You were safely evacuated : D. What now ? ... You evacuate . Feast on the entrails of my fellow survivors . Oh , the times we 'll have ... a question mark raised . where can I get Dalbati in Ahmedabad ? Dalbati in Ahmedabad . KATHIAWAD dhaba in sg highway may b you could get it . but it 's not that famous in ahmedabad . Are there many chinese girls beautiful in vancouver ? Are there many Chinese girls beautiful in Vancouver ?
It depends what part of town you 're in Well everyone has their own criteria over what is beautiful .
Vancouver is home to the most beautiful woman to walk the face of the planet .
There are a lot of beautiful Asian & Asian / mixed girls .
Downtown Vancouver is excellent .
It is really about preference.If you like Asians , I find Vancouver has an awesome mix of Koreans , Chinese , Filipinos , and Japanese .
you dont like titties or legs do you ?
this is the wrong section for this question what can i do tommorow ?
my friend and i want to go out but where ?
what should we do ?
chill in a pub and sink pots go watch a movie or stay home and watch movies find a tv series you like and start watching from season 1 episode 1 Best route from surat to saputara ?
u take route via kadodara to bardoli tosaputara.it is going to take at least 3.5hours from surat to sapotara.there is other route also.u will have to go towards valsad before vapi there is left turning to saputara.2months back work was i progress.road was bad.so i suggest u go from baradoli only .
refer google map Coke or pepsi , which do you prefer ?
Coke ! !
:-) \ \ / / Pepsi I 'll drink both , but I like the taste of Pepsi better .
McDonalds or Burger King ?
Which do you prefer ?
Neither of the two .
I like Jolibee most .
Burger king .
i prefer organic fruits and vegetables .
you know foods that actually decompose properly .
What are some good places to hang out at night in Berlin ?
Going on a trip to Berlin next week , and we 're a group of friends , that want to know what the best clubs , bars , nightlife etc. are in Berlin ?
noodle village What are some good seafood restaurants near Portland / Vancouver ?
We 're currently visiting the Portland / Vancouver area and wondering if there are any exceptionally good seafood within 2 hours or even on the coast ?
Salty 's on the Columbia River is probably the best seafood resturant I have been to in the area .
Great view , excellent service and wonderful fresh seafood .
New To Austin , Texas .
Anybody know of some good food delivery places that deliver in South Austin . ?
1 ...
Hyde Park Bar & Grill 3 star rating 19 ratings $ $ american 4521 W Gate Blvd , Austin , TX ( 512 ) 899 - 2700
2 ...
Central Market 4 star rating 1 rating $ steak 4477 S Lamar Blvd Ste 100 , Austin , TX ( 512 ) 899 - 4300
3 ...
El Arbol Restaurant 4 star rating 43 ratings $ $ south american 3411 Glenview Ave , Austin , TX ( 512 ) 323 - 5177
4 ...
Casa Colombia 4 star rating 11 ratings $ latin american 1614 E 7th St , Austin , TX ( 512 ) 495 - 9425
5 ...
Buenos Aires Cafe 4.5 star rating 27 ratings $ latin american 2414 S 1st St , Austin , TX ( 512 ) 441 - 9000
6 ... .
Sao Paulo 's Restaurante 4 star rating 20 ratings $ brazilian 2809 San Jacinto Blvd , Austin , TX ( 512 ) 473 - 9988 Well , here 's one list : http://austin.eat24hours.com/south-austin
There are plenty more if you want to google .
Tennis what links Coke Rolex Slazenger Robinson 's Barley water ?
San Diego people only :
Best pizza place in San Diego ?
?
I 'm talking good @ ss Pizza . .
like . .
omg good . .
not that expensive . .
and do n't say Pizza Port Pizza hut i want do clothes business in surat and i want produce also clothes ?
hey .
frnds i want to start my on clothes business in surat .
so how i can i start it .
n i also planing to produce clothes also in surat , so plz give me some tips about on this my business .
thankyou i am also into clothes business in ahmedabad . .
Surat is nice place to do this business . .
and explore it in other cities Boyfriend 's 21st in one week , ideas ?
Sydney ?
My boyfriends 21 in one week today , no I 'm not lazy and did n't get him anything , he just called and happened to mention how proud he is of having found and bought himself this AMAZING thing .
Yeah , the same thing I was heading into town to get him tomorrow .
We live about an hour out of Sydney , any suggestions on a nice but relatively cheap hotel , or things to do around there ?
He hates heights , Loves games , Very active , Likes animals , Likes theatre etc I live about an hour out of Sydney too , in Wollongong haha : ) I suggest possibly Darling Harbour , then going to Circular Que to the aquarium then Toronga Zoo , then you should see if there 's any performances on around somewhere .
There 's always something to do in Sydney !
Oh , and possibly the arcade in Darling Harbour if he really likes games hahaha , would be cute .
go to the zoo Some exotic locations , sightseeing Cruises , Hanging out locations , private beaches etc Frankie or kathi rolls in pune ?
Hey all i just love frankies aand wan na have them here in pune , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , please give me some addresses where ill find frankies
Thanks to all :-) ) ) ) If you want only Frankie why have u asked for Kathi roll Do n't know about Pune , but there are plenty here in Mumbai where I go quite often .
May be if you come to Mumbai then we can have them together .
Plus you get lovely shawarma as well over here , so we can try that if you too like it .
valid forms of id to get into a night club in victoria ?
yesterday i realised that my drivers licence was no longer in my wallet .
i looked around at home , but i couldnt find it , so jumped on vicroads and ordered a new one .
problem is i intended on going out tomorrow night and i dont really have any other forms of id .
i have my old learners permit with a hole punch in it , a working with childrens card and a victorian transport concession card .
because it takes up to 10 days for my new licence to arrive , is my only option to go all the way into the city to get a keypass ?
I used my passport for a long time , I do n't know if your learners permit would work even though it shows your birth date , simply because it has a hole punched in it .
Here is a list of valid forms of ID in Victoria and other states :
http://adf.ly/2z0Op Where can I buy Violet Crumble in Sydney ?
Most supermarkets & corner stores As it one of Australias best selling chocolate lines you can pick them up almost anywhere that sells confectionary .
That is , any newsagent , supermarket and corner store .
You could try contacing Nestle , who make the violet crumble , and asking for some free samples .
Is Dominos n Ginos Pizza Halal in London , Ontario , Canada ?
Hey ...
I am looking for halal Pizza joints and I strongly need to know whether the above food joints serve halal pizza or not .
Thank You They do not use any pork products in there sauce , crust or cheeses , but they do have pork based toppings which would not allow them to be certified as Halal , like Kosher foods they must be prepared with Halal based ingredients and be under supervision of a Mula or have a certifide Muslim cleric as a supervisor .
To tell you the truth , I do n't really know , but I would think not .
But there is a place called Laziz Meats that does have Halal pizza In London , Ont. Are there any other cafes / fine food shops like Pusateri 's that you would recommend in Toronto ?
I recently visited Pusateri and was blown away by their cafe and the delicious fine foods that they offer and was wondering if you had any recommendations that are similar to Pusateri 's ?
Thanks I would compare the St Lawrence market to them , there uptown one at Lawrence and Avenue Rd one is nice to , the downtown one is more for the higher end people in the condos along Avenue Rd , Yorkville and Bloor .
The Whole Food next to the Mercedes dealership on Avenue Rd is a good place also , I live at Bloor and Spadina and got that area once and awhile , there were some other but the have gone in the last 10 yrs. This may be along similar lines to Pusateris .
http://www.holtrenfrew.com/holts/en/cafe/70912/Holts-Cafe-Toronto-Bloor / Galvatrons in Ottawa ?
so i recently found out about this drink called the Galvatron which is composed of 1oz of patron 1oz of maker 's mark and 1oz of bacardi 151 the thing is all 3 of these ingredients are pretty expensive ... . .
so does anyone in the Ottawa region know any bars that serve this drink so i can get my buddies wasted with out breaking the bank making it our selves ?
And you You actually think it will be cheaper in a bar than at home ?
Here 's an example , one bottle of vodka ( 40oz ) costs about 38 dollars , one shot of vodka in a bar costs $ 5.00 in otherwards , they have padi off the bottle with eight drinks , and the bottle holds 40 .
Expecet to pay premium prices for this drink , if the bar carries all the ingredients Good cafes in Sydney Australia ?
Its my best friends birthday tomorrow and I need a good cafe somewhere in the inner west of sydney , preferably like newtown , glebe , leichardt areas etc. Because I 'm 18 I am poor , so a relitively cheap cafe is a must .
Kindly appreciated x Are there pizza hut restaurants still in Australia ?
Near Newcastle Not many .
There are a few around but you really have to search for them .
There are so many great local Italian pizzerias around now serving fabulous pizzas that it has put the Pizza Hut chain out of business .
Also , many local pubs are serving reasonably priced pizzas to dine in or take away .
There is one that i know of is in Mt. Duritt area i only know of 1 eat in , thats at marion in south aust , the other is a take away thats at tee tree gully Are there any halal food near the Mercure Opera Hotel in Lille ?
Please excuse Mr Bundy .
We have visited Lille several times .
There is a large Muslim population , so there must be plenty of halal outlets .
Certainly the fast food places are worth checking out .
Other wise it will need to be fish or vegetarian in main stream restaurants .
Vegetarian is never easy in France !
Look out for the halal symbol in windows .
Enjoy your stay in Lille .
Food is food .
If you do n't want to eat what the majority eats . .
then get out of that country and go back to your village !
What name to put on my Toronto Maples Leafs Jersey ?
OK i know what colour to pick , and what number , now the name ...
Is it cool to put your won name on the Jersey , or a players name ...
Because i heard when ever some one put a players name , the player get traded , or retired , then the jersey is useless ...
So let me know if i can put my name on the back of it , if thats cool ... .
I do n't ' want to make any one mad during the game ... .
Thanks Like your other question the era of the jersey , the new one ( 3rd ) you might consider Horton , Mahavolich or an obscure name like Gamble , the 64 white with the pointed leaf , then you would be o.k with Armstrong , Bower or Stemkowski , the newer ones you might like a current player like Kessel , Schenn or Reimer I think you should put a player 's name because it is kind of weird to have your own last or first name on it summer ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Have you had dealings with Resort Promotions Tenerife ?
I have been offered a holiday in Tenerife at a very reasonable cost .
But ?
Is it too good to be true ?
As with most , if not ALL resorts that offer `` free '' or `` extremely discounted '' offers to stay at the luxury accommodations / locations , they are NOT doing you a favor .
They know they are making money by offering free stuff .
How can that be ?
How can a resort make money by offering free stuff ?
It 's call Timeshare Fraud .
Visit this site and read the court cases and / or see the scam / fraud pages .
http://www.timesharescam.org/blog/timeshare-resorts-do-commit-fraud /
You see , once you are at the luxury resort and having a great time , the `` sales presentation '' will convince a LOT of people to buy an over priced timeshare .
And by convinced , I mean the staff will mislead , misrepresent and flat out lie to make you buy one .
This is how a timeshare resort makes money by giving away stuff for free .
HOWEVER , in my opinion , taking the resort up on their offer is not a bad thing .
I 'm sure it will be a nice vacation for you , unless you buy a timeshare .
At that point , you will have made a big mistake .
Before going , read the 2 types of scam on the website below .
It should open your eyes and protect you so you can enjoy your vacation without being scammed .
PS. BEWARE : the sales staff is very , very good at lying .
PSS .
If you are not believing what I 'm saying , take a video camera to the sale presentation , see if you can record it .
When they say `` no '' or threaten you , just ask , `` what do you have to hide ? ''
Yep , if it sounds too good to be true , it probably is !
It sorry , edit coming up in a few mins ... .
Without knowing any more details but looking at the name of the company it sounds like it 's a genuine offer .
The basic idea is to get you over there and at some point during your stay they will want to give you a sales presentation of some kind .
It sounds an expensive way to get business but the reality is it 's often cheaper for these types of companies to give you some free accommodation and you 're more likely to want to buy .
To give you an example , if I wanted to say sell you a car it would be cheaper for me to lend you a new one free of charge for a couple of weeks - believe me , you wo n't want to part with it etc
So , do n't dismiss it out of hand , just have a good look round the paperwork and see if there are any hidden extras .
( Sorry for the delay - computer problems ) Names of Sydney Resturants ?
There was this restaurant that i went to within the outer Sydney area and it has it set up so that when you are eating you can look at the decorations and you can buy them ... like you can buy everything in the restaurant ... if you know what restaurant i mean what is it called ?
i think the website eatability.com.au will be able to help you . .
My birthday is this weekend .
What are some good restaurants to go to in Sydney ?
I am looking for a good restaurant to go to and possibly even a little dancing afterwards .
Some recommendations would be much appreciated .
The finest dining in Sydney is at Est , marque , Quay etc but no dancing .
There are lost of restaurants , bars and night clubs around King St wharf , a bit more affordable than there 's above but still good quality and an opportunity to dance afterwards .
And a last point avoid the harbour cruises at all costs bad food , expensive drinks and cliched entertainment Birthdays are good , the more you have them the longer you live .
Have a great day and a wonderful birthday .
If you are planing for a good restaurant , i would suggest Sydney Party Cruises.I celebrated my birthday on this lovely cruise and had a great time with my friends .
As the birthday party was at night the beauty of the harbour was just fabulous.There was lots of fun , entertainment and the food was just outstanding.It was the best birthday party i ever had.I hope you too will have a nice time and wishing you a happy birthday .
If you are asking for a good restaurant in Sydney , there are a lot of them ...
A good number of them so that no one will be able to remember .
Since you mentioned about the dancing I thought of my elder sisters last birthday venue in some cruises called http://www.stealthcruises.com.au / with her friends .
But only ladies there , even her husband and me was not allowed .
Not sure if that suits you .
How ever you can also check the website www.eatability.com.au/au/sydney / which lists a good number of good restaurants .
Also do ask for the opinion of your friends and parents before finalizing the venue .
I would say to choose one that stands out and remembered forever .
make it unique .
Advanced Happy bday : ) Have u heard of ryedales tavern ?
what do u think of it ?
i did not like it that much My Fiances 24th birthday any ideas out there ?
Hey everyone ,
i know this question must suck because obviously you do n't know the man i am talking about but ... if anyone has some amazing birthday ideas it would be helpful to give me some ideas .
we have our first baby on the way in march and i wanted to make this birthday very special for him .
its not until december but im trying to be super organized ! !
i do n't want another plain old dinner out something exciting something ... different and sweet that he will never forget ! !
Cheers :-)
You could get a meaningful picture printed on edible paper and lay it out on a homemade cake .
Any bakery should do it for you , for a cost .
Use maybe one of your engagement pictures or an ultrasound picture .
Guys like head maybe soemthing meaningful thats between you two .
Like maybe going to the plae where you first met .
Is working in fast food degrading ?
I 've been looking for a job here and there .
Jack In The Box was pretty open to hiring me , but I 'm kind of afraid of working in fast food because it seems degrading .
Do people / you see fast food as degrading ?
nope = It has that stigma , but sometimes you got to flip burgers to get by .
Its only degrading when you think it is .
burgerking or whataburger or wendys ?
best burger place ?
Wendy 's The burgers are better at Hungry Jack 's .
its a tie between wendys and whataburger .
Do you think fast food places reserve the right to not serve obese people ?
Sure .
Fatties break the furniture can not fit in !
I been to fatties home and the toilet was about finished !
From the weight .
or the floor was .
No. If a 300 pound fatso wants to eat a big mac all the time its not their problem .
Plus it makes them more money so ... .
NO its not there busness besides who would care there geting money for all th burgers he eats !
Applied to McDonalds ?
I applied to two mcdonalds last week online should I give them both a call today ?
What do I say ?
Ask to speak to a manager too right ?
Sorry never had a job before = Yes , sounds like a plan . .
Give them a call .
Say `` hi my name is chris and i applied for a position and would like to do a follow up ''
Even better would be to dress decent and go in and speak with therm in person but if you do that make sure you do n't go during a busy lunch or dinner hour .
Your best bet would be to go between 9 - 11 AM .
The store manager will be there , and it is off peak hours .
Honestly , we do n't pay much attention to online applications until you come in and follow up .
Smile , speak with assertion , dress casual and be polite .
You will likely get the job .
Taco Bell employees that can tell me what brand the nacho cheese in a bag is ?
Are there any past or present taco bell employees that can help me ?
I just want to know the brand of nacho cheese used .
Please do n't say taco bell brand .
i do n't want velveeta recipes or a suggestion to buy the taco bell in a jar nacho cheese you can get at the store .
IT IS N'T THE SAME !
generic bulk brand Its processed cheese or `` government cheese '' .
Its cheese thats powered that they mix with water or milk to give it that creamy texture .
Same kind you get in your Kraft mac and cheese .
You do n't need to be a taco bell employee to know this .
It 's pretty common .
same as mac & cheez which is digusting !
Restaurants in Sydney that serve a dish featuring truffles ?
Desperate to try them !
Any cuisine , location , price guide you can think of !
The high end restaurants like Est , Marque , Quay and Claudes are your best option of finding them on the menu I believe McDonald 's has them .
Can I work in an emergency room as a nurse if I am colorblind ?
I am a tech in the E.R .
and I am in nursing school .
I m worried that I wo n't be able to work in the E.R .
when I get out of school .
I do n't see why that would be a problem really .
But double check and ask : http://www.moh.govt.nz/moh.nsf/indexmh/ed-about By now you should know if you can function well being color blind ...
Why ca n't Burger King give me a manual where I can study how to make all of their sandwiches ?
You would think it 's NOT THAT hard until you actually work there and realize that there 's a million different sandwiches you have to know how to make some of which are different but similar which makes it kind of tricky to remember .
Double Stacker .
Double Cheesburger .
Buck Double .
All of these are different sandwiches funny enough - When the menu showed Buck Double yesterday I made it just like a Double Cheeseburger only to later learn I was supposed to omit one slice of cheese .
Although I do wish they could just simplify their menu and not make it so monstrous --
I do n't own the place so I got ta do my job I suppose .
If I had a website or something where it showed me how to make all the sandwiches step - by - step that would EXTREMELY Helpful .
So if you know of such a site , lem me know !
- thanks !
There are corporate secrets in the recipes that are not reveled to the public .
Only the CEO of Burger King and their heirs know EXACTLY what is in each item on the menu .
If you are an employee you just need to know what ratios and how to prepare the food .
Your manager should provide training how to assemble each food item as there is a wide variety of foods at any restaurant .
becuase they dont want you stealing there secrets It because they are complicated .
just like the person who invented algebra !
Does the Postal service in Spain , deliver on Saturdays ?
No. http://www.tumbit.com/blogs/1342-correos-the-spanish-post-office.html What is the finest hotel in this city , I need to host a party of 50 , and we LOVE to dine in style ?
We have dozens of really great hotels here in downtown Dusseldorf
look us up online !
Thanks for asking .
What is Wimpy 's best burger ?
or ( What do you think is McDonalds best burger ) ?
Do n't have a Wimpy 's in my area , but McDonald 's best Burger is the Angus Burger with Bacon ! !
:-) \ \ / / ?
original Big Mac How Do Wendy 's And McDonald 's Get Their Burgers Like That ?
They 're so flat and they taste so good .
When my mom makes burgers she uses chop meat and they end up monster sized .
Where do they buy their burgers and how do they make them taste like that ?
The burgers are processed and pressed flat in the factory in bulk ; they are shipped frozen to Mc Donald 's and Wendy 's for reheating .
The factory is where the burgers are mechanically pressed flat .
You can make your own by using less meat and pre-press the hamburger patty with a spatula before grilling the burger ( at home ) They are pressed and half cooked then flash frozen , then delivered to the Restaurant where all they do is reheat them its really not healthy and they use fake meat with lots of fat in it Where is the best place to see the all view Austin city ?
The Highland Lakes area has a lot of scenic drives and views in and around Austin .
A great place to start is the State Capitol , north of the Colorado River .
There are several good views of the Capitol from IH 35 , Loop 360 , and MoPac , but for one of the best , drive north on Congress Avenue from Town Lake .
Downtown Austin apartments command premium prices for these spectacular city and lake views .
The Zilker Nature Preserve is another .
located on Stratford Drive .
( Stratford Drive intersects Barton Springs Road within Zilker Park . )
you can get a trail map from the Austin nature center office The map will show you a great overlook .
The start of the trail to the Zilker Preserves Overlook begins on Stratford Drive near Barton Springs Road .
Another way to reach this overlook is to drive west on Barton Springs Road , go underneath the MoPac overpass and turn right on Rollingwood Drive .
You will see a sign on your right indicating `` Trail Access . ''
Drive on to the end of the road and park in the Zilker Club House parking lot .
Walk back to the trail ; the overlook is very near the road and provides a great view of the park and preserves .
The patio at the Zilker Club House also has a nice view of the area.this is by far my favorite but here are so more The French Legation , City Park Road , Mary Moody Northern Theater , anywhere on Highway 183 , and Barton Creek Square Mall Are there any drive through restaurants in Campeche ?
It will likely be your typical fast food restaurants like Mcdonalds .
There are some Burger King places that may have a drive through http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&sl=es&u=http://www.los-horarios.mx/29635/Campeche/restaurantes-copas/fast-food/&ei=R2OKTpzoEaqMsAL5mIy8BA&sa=X&oi=translate&ct=result&resnum=10&ved=0CGYQ7gEwCQ&prev=/search0.000000q 0mcdonalds 0in 0campeche % 26hl 0en 0iw 01441 0ih 0619 88954fcrmd 0imvns you can try mcdonalds yeah its beside the church if you like this boy and he likes you back what do you do ?
You can ask him out .
It 's not weird to ask the guy out .
Answer Mine ?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AstwNU00C8OtaWa.dyRnQUbsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20110930111725AATTG9K Go on a date , have a kiss on first date ( do nothing more ) .
Text and flirt for a while and if you really love him and he also loves you too then arrange for a second date do a little bit more flirting and kissing when you leave and sex is optional if you desire .
You should try to talk to each other and get to know each other , and if you have alot of things in common then you should try to go out with each other .
college students in ohio -- help with track and field ?
so i 'm a High Jumper in ohio and i have no were to jump right now ... so if you go to a college or know a place with a high jump pit , please let me know .
Due to liability concerns , I doubt if high schools or even colleges will make their high jump facilities available to non-students .
I could be wrong , but they might want you to sign a legal waiver at a minimum .
Your best bet may be to search for local track and field clubs in your area .
Here are a couple links that may be helpful :
https : / / www.usatf.org/clubs/search/info.asp?associationNumber=18
http://www.cmustangsrun.com /
BOL !
I suggest you ask the athletic directors at the high schools in your area .
There 's no sense in me telling you about west side of Cleveland locations if you live in Toledo or Youngstown or Columbus .
Ohio is too large of a state for that !
i am a man 45.i am widower .
i am looking for widow in Surat non Gujarati please . ?
i hv a daughter and my mother in law is also staying with me .
i can not get married again because of my daughter.i do not mind a widow with her kids.i can take care of all of them like a father.i am a needy one and i am looking for needy one.i am a businessman from Surat and she has to be from Surat or near by .
i am non Gujarati Pradip .
Y !
is not a right place for this question .
Try someother matrimony websites search shaadi.com or matrimonial sites , u can find a perfect , ate there Does this guy just want one thing ?
Okay so , I met this guy over the internet .
He 's 20 annd I 'm 16 .
He says he wants to hangout with me this weekend , but wants to hookup .
And I said I want to get to know him better in real life before anything at all like that happens .
And he wants me to blow him , and all this stuff , even after I clearly told him I do n't wan na be a * * * * , and I do n't want to do that until I 'm in a real realationship !
He keeps pushing me to wan na do stuff .
He said he 'll pick me up tomorrow or something .
And in his car and it just seems weird .
My instinct is telling me not to go with him even though I 've skyped and talked to him on msn a lot . .
but it just is n't the same as real life .
I do n't wan na get into any unconforatable situations .
He told me that we will only do what I 'm conforatable with , although , I do n't know weather to believe him or not because I 've never even met him !
So anyways , I just need advice on this whole situation .
He 's reallyy good looking , but all I wan na do is a casual hangout , annd nothing more .
Personally he sounds like a creep that just wants to get laid !
I 'd say find someone the old fashion way instead of `` trusting '' the internet : ) Why would you trust some random guy on the internet who 's admitted to wanting to get in your pants ?
Obviously he only wants sex .
All guys only want one thing .
Especially when they 're 15 to 25 .
Mississauga restaurants for teenagers ?
I just wanted a place for me and my friend to go to that would be different or alot of fun .
Like if they have dancing there . .
or like a restuarant / nightclub kinda thing .
That has goodfood , or just somewhere to go that doesnt have to be a restuarant . .
any ideas will helllp !
Is it costly in canada ?
I 'm only looking for stats for my personal website even though I do not live in a cheaper state or country I would never leave California so , my agenda is not to move but to find stats thank you The sales tax is about twice what you currently pay .
Things are more expensive to start with , too .
Then , after you add the sales tax , it 's killer - expensive to get anything .
yessss Generally , yes .
But only if you live here .
Dining in Restaurants with an Ulcer ?
I really want to take my sister , who is coming into town , to dinner somewhere she will enjoy eating and that wo n't make her feel too bad , but I 'm a little short on ideas because she has a stomach ulcer .
She 's just started eating real food instead of just mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese and wants something good .
Any help ?
I know these are n't the best places - but often a buffet is a good choice because there is a wide variety of food to choose from .
She can take a sample of whatever appeals to her and try it before dishing up an entire plate .
An Asian buffet probably would not be a good choice - but something like Country Buffet might do well .
And as a fall - back , they have mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese , too !
: ) lol idontknow , icecream ... lolol She should avoid or at least limit caffeine , carbonated drinks , spicy foods , acidic foods , and alcohol .
I assume this is a peptic ulcer since you did not mention the type .
What Whitby , Ontario Restaurants Hire Hostesses and have decent uniforms ?
I currently work at Denny 's and am looking for a new job .
I love hostessing and would really prefer to stay in this stream of carreers as a job .
I am only 16 so I am not able to be a server yet .
I am not quitting because of the uniforms , but I would really like to work some where that has nice uniforms .
I am used to having to wear dress pants ( full dress pants , not tna 's or anything nice like that . They are gross dress pants ) and a specific `` Denny 's '' shirt .
I would like to know what restaurants in whitby have nice uniforms and what they are ( if possible ) .
Also , I dont want a place that is morning shifts , just evening shifts !
Thanks in advance for any help !
Good lord girl ... you have a whole stream of resteraunts in that area where you work .
Just walk in and check the places out .
Only you can decide what is your comfort level .
What should i do for my 16th birthday ?
I 'll be turning 16 in January , and i was thinking of just renting a limo & going to yorkdale mall with a couple of friends then having diner & going to a desert place .
I do n't really want a big formal party , but i think the limo would be a good idea , its not like people rent limos everyday .
Should i do this , or would it be weird ?
Agreed .
your underage .
you really cant do anything .
and in reality limo 's are only cool when your wasted and do n't have to drive home What should you DO ?
Nothing , you 're underage .
mcdonalds employer in canada ?
What about it ?
Yes , MacDonald 's Restaurant is a large employer in Canada .
You 'll find MacDonald 's in every city and town across the country , just like every other country in the world .
Below is a link to the company 's Canada career page .
Good luck .
Do you do Prank Stars in Hawaii ?
Mitchel can you do Prank Star prank in Hawaii ?
Wowww ... .
No u have to fly to hollywood .
hollywood Are restaurants open on labor day ( tomorrow ) in australia ?
i want to go to dinner with a friend tomorrow night , but it is the long weekend in nsw , anyone know if restaurants are closed ?
Yes some are but I suggest you phone and check first .
If you are planning to dine during lunchtime , I suggest you make a reservation ( especially if the restaurant is on the waterfront ) as restaurants can get very busy on a nice , sunny public holiday .
Why does Zio 's stay in business ?
I prefer locally owned restaurants , but sometimes you have to go to a chain .
For the money , I prefer Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill .
I was so disgusted tonight .
It was n't a bad experience , it just gross food .
I like Zio 's much better than the Olive Garden .
Olive Garden is overpriced .
And the Macaroni Grill does n't sound appealing .
All I can think of is grilled pasta .
Sorry you had a bad experience at Zio 's .
Have you ever been to Cheddar 's ?
any must eat places in hyderabad other than the usual famous ones ?
I have combined all the places and information and have put up it on Google Maps ...
These are the places which I do regularly visit and they are strictly Vegetarian : )
Find the point to point location here - > http://maps.google.co.in/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&hl=en&msa=0&msid=206065091951861134680.00049f6194c3feed3cba0&t=h&z=13 Aromas of china if u r looking for Chinese Where in Toronto can I get Wakame kelp or any other kind of Japanese seaweed from ... ?
I buy my Wakame , Hikiji , Kombu and others at Sanko on Queen St at Clairmont ( Streetcars stop in front ) , most grocery store sell nori for sushi , the Asian stores like Foody Mart , T&T and other 's sell a selection , it depends on where you live as to the closes to you .
Cheap cakes in Toronto ?
I was wondering whether you know anywhere where I can buy birthday cakes for under $ 10 ?
For about 6 people ?
Any advice is appreciated :
D Some supermarkets have a discounted baked goods section , and you might find birthday cakes there if you 're lucky .
I got a big one at Safeway in Vancouver for about $ 5.00 , and it was fine .
Sorry I ca n't be more helpful .
I know the Loblaw 's on Dupont and Christie have this kind of thing , but I 'm sure a lot of supermarkets do .
TOPSHOP IN TORONTO < 3 AHHMAZINNNG WHO else is as excited as I am :
D ?
MEEEEE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
In fact , I think I 'm MORE excited then you ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Haha ... ...
YAY I 'm SOOOO EXCITED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I just found out today !
What a coincidence that I found your question ! ! ! ! ! ! !
AAAAAHHHHHHHH YAAAAAYYYY ! ! ! ! !
I 've been bundling it up but I can let it LOOSE with your question ! ! !
I 'm sorry , I 'm very hyper = D Yeppers Marcus Garvey founded what ?
How much are krispy kreme donut holes per `` bundle '' and how many do you get ?
It takes me 20 minutes to drive to the nearest krispy kreme so I 'd like to know how much they cost before I drive all the way up there .
( I live in the Kansas City area ) `` DONUT HOLES '' I went up to Krispy Kreme despite the lack of help , and the answer is .
10 dollars for 48 donut holes .
And btw , they come in this weird tri-donut hole formation .
so you are basically getting 16 mini donuts for 10 dollars .
De nada .
About $ 10 per dozen .
Does Mimi 's take reservations ?
Does Mimi 's Family Restaurant in Broadview Hts. , OH take reservations ?
Yes they do .
Just a hint :
Their Pot Pie is to die for .
What do u think of the Skylon Tower ?
I recently went up there .
From what I guess , they use to charge to go up but now admission is free if you are dining there .
I found the experience of the rotating dining room eerily different but I eventually got use to it .
The food is plain in some ways ie the buns and veggies were disappointingly average for such prices but the soup and some details like how they jazz up the mashed potatoes was refreshing apropos .
Compared to a similar restaurant in pricing , their appetizer was sub-par in presentation and taste but their soup was good .
Their main entree was better in presentation and taste .
Overall our bill was 50 dollars cheaper than similar restaurant meals which is fair considering the atmosphere should cost extra with a live pianist as well .
is Dragon Pearl Buffet halal ?
the one located at 865 york mills rd No as they would have to use a complete Halal menu , with all meats and foods prepared Halal , you can not use a non halal menu with a halal menu , all there dishes would be haram , as they cook with pork , use chinese cooking wines and fry foods in the same fryer rent a place for hours ?
calgary ?
so ...
I want to rent a place for a few hours just to do something special with my girlfriend since we can not stay out the whole night .
it can be either motels , hotels or inns , or anywhere that I can have safe privacy and comfortable surroundings ...
Any suggestions ?
Yeah ... .
hotels will let you stay for a while .
Most will charge you for a night , though .
best vancouver area restaurant ?
which restaurant has the hottest hotties in town .
A friend said Browns but I have never been because I thought Cactus Club is it .
Opinion ?
I dont just want to eat , I want to eat and check out hotties Whats wrong with me ?
could stomach pains be a sign of pregnancy ?
Yesterday after i had sex my stomach hurt real bad it hasnt stopped and this morning we did it again then went to sleep and i woke up sweating and i felt sick so i got up and felt dizzy and my stomach hasnt stopped hurting yet !
idk whats wrong ?
pregnant ?
my boyfriend keeps asking if it could be pregnancy because we have unprotected sex all the time so it is possible .
The pain just started yesterday and we have sex almost everyday and it has never hurt til now Hi Charity well i do n't think it is pregnancy as it would take allot longer than that to show symptom 's , but you may have an retroverted uterus which means it is not in the Right position and when you have sex you are , well your partner is hitting the uterus and putting it right out of position you need to see a doctor , for that as they need to put it in position if it is the cause .
or you if that is not the cause you wont know unless you see the doctor .
I had the same problem and yes it can get Very pain full and off putting for sex , so do see your doctor Only he can say what is wrong we can Only surmise what is wrong with you good luck .
jay .
no , your not pregnant .
I am wondering if you have an infection or the flu ... . .
I would go to the doctor and get it checked out .
Sigmund Freud used a dog to help his psychoanalysis what breed ?
I heard that in Hawaii a long time ago ?
That the native people would sacrifice someone into a volcano every once in a while to please the volcano god so it would n't erupt and kill everybody .
True or False ?
false probably not hawaii itself , but it likely did happen on that island chain at some point .
False .
Study Hawaiian history instead of watching bad Hollywood movies .
Get a Pimple Free Face ?
please someone help me come up with the EASIEST WAY to get rid of pimples ( not by popping ew ) .
and i dont think i can ever find any of thoseproducts like pro-active but if its the best then ill find it : ) thank you all.10points !
and have you guys ever heard of the lemon trick ?
i have but i dont know how it works ... can somone tell me how that works too ?
thanks : ) Forget these homemade recipes , preferably a dermatologist look , if you want more , try a cream , here in Brazil is widely used a cream called `` Acnase '' and a soap called `` Asepxia '' .
What character on TV and film must have sex every 7 years ?
Does anyone know where the Kiwi Roadkill Cafe is in new zealand ?
In picton Does anyone know a company ' that produces cellular lightweight concrete and cement machine ?
I 'm ' looking for a company ' that features articles for the ' building and in the specific cellular cement and lightweight concrete machine I know a company in Italy , in charge of production materials for the construction industry , and specifically of lightweight concrete and lightweight concrete machine .
I 'll leave the references to the site so you can ' go and see in detail the products they create .
I have here , check it out .
What is decent place to dine near a popular site in Campeche ?
Ca n't find any information on any dining in Campeche for some reason !
:-) \ \ / / What restaurants in this city serve the most exotic Indian food ?
What city are you talking about ?
What is a specialty ( food delicacy ) in this city ( Lucknow ) ?
http://www.sites.google.com/site/lovelylucknow/Lucknow-Restaurants-and-pizza-shops
:-) \ \ / / DO PUNE ALSO HAVE RIOTS ?
DO PUNE ALSO HAVE RIOTS LIKE GUJRAT .
14 houses set afire in Saswad RIOT .
NEVER HEARD OF IT BUT U shouldnt even be comparing !
Pune is a hell of lot safer !
Yes , but safer than Hyderabad .
what are the top five most popular animals in Brazil ?
http://brazilianfauna.com / Hello , if you 're asking about pets , the five most popular are these :
Dog Cat Birds Hamster Fish
have some people who also like rabbit . .
All normal pets .
But can you imagine a Goa pet in your house , this giant snake eats small mices , its insane .
What are the best nursing schools near the cleveland area ?
What is the best school to go to for adn or bsn even near the Cleveland area My Alma mater Kent State is one of the top nursing schools in the state .
Not too far from Cleveland either .
Where to meet single gals in Hyderabad ?
I have recently moved to Hyderabad and have no social life what so ever .
I was wondering where can I meet interesting people in general and more specifically like minded gals .
Being a bookworm I visit crosswords and Odyssey , is there any other book store that I am missing .
Any suggestions ? ?
you may find single girls in Bookstores . .
but cant guarantee that they would be ready to mingle :
P :
P Try Facebook : ) chain of restaurants based in India with branches in London ?
I ate at a chain of restaurants in India and noticed they had branches in the UK .
They were in Southern India ( mostly ) and served vegetarian food thali style .
It was very good .
Does anyone know of a chain like this ?
What is its name , and does it have a website ?
Many thanks in advance x Sindhoor ?
What is a great place to dine and then enjoy the scenery in this city ?
well , at panaji ... i dont know.but if u ever come to chennai , BENJARONG is the best place if u want delicious food served in a great ambience ... .
especially if u love thai / japanese.i 've lived in mumbai most of my life , a while in bangalore ... . .
but BENJARONG is the best place ever .
if ur in mumbai , theres this amazing beach themed restaurant ( open air , sand , grass , trees , water on one side - sea facing ) called SALT WATER GRILL.the ambience is so great and beautiful at dinner time.its a beautiful place especially if u wan na propose to someone or for a memorable occassion.check it out.its in town .
Google it .
What are some good restaurants in Panaji ?
Sher - e - Punjab .
A local favorite .
832 - 222 - 7204
Riorico .
eclectic vibe .
832 - 242 - 6270
Delhi Darbar .
Fancy restaurant and bar .
832 - 222 - 2545 Is there a KFC in Panaji ?
If you have the time , where is it located , if not ok , I 'll ask someone when we travel there next summer .
A KFC recently opened in Caculo Mall in Panaji .
The Big Mac or Whopper ?
Which do you prefer ?
I enjoy the Big Mac more .
WHOPPER ALL THE WAY ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
WHOPPER ! !
even thoe i like wendy 's better XD Where in Phuket is the best coffee shop ?
do any of you have Butch Moon or any of his affiliates as contacts ?
This TD trolling is beyond old , and he 's finding some of us in other categories .
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha :
D
I LOVE this category ! ! !
I think the best coffee shop is right across the street from the Phuket FantaSea Show , see details here :
http://www.phuket.com/island/10mustsee.htm
I sure hope not , I do not think he appreciated me referring to him as Butchie Boy on one of my questions he answered and offering to pray for him , he changed the name on that account for a day or two .
I blocked that account and maybe , `` mmm errrr ummmm '' , reported a few of them , but Yafoo must not consider me a good citizen cause they did not suspend the 5 or 6 I brought to their attention , in fact my complaints were totally ignored ( I only did that because he was downright obnoxious and rude on my question , he inferred that I had a douchebag mentality - really ? ? ? )
As you know , I have not been back very long , but in that short time I have seen him leave some really hurtful and nasty answers , no one should have to put up with that , especially not the kids that are here to talk about music .
The adults can brush that crap off easier , but I worry about the younger ones that are more fragile emotionally and not as thick skinned about it .
Could maybe some of the others try reporting ?
I saved some of the places I found him in my watchlist so I could find them again , if anyone wants , I can email them the links .
Enjoy the coffee : ) The `` Pantera '' Bread store is pretty awesome .
It 's in the metal district , in the middle of downtown .
I do not and I 've blocked as many of his accounts as I can find .
I do n't have him as a contact and doubt I have any of his buddies either since I only have 20 or so contacts total .
I do n't add a lot of people because I can barely keep up as it is .
Actually , I 'm sure I miss a lot so it 's an exaggeration to say that I keep up at all .
It makes no sense to me how someone could get any pleasure out of that sort of hobby .
The guy certainly seems disturbed .
Sorry I forgot to answer the main question before .
I like the name of this one , Bean and Gone .
http://www.phuketcoffeeshop.com / How old you have to be to have a job in QLD ?
Im 13 soon : ) But in another one you said you were 16 ! ! ! ?
o.O
.
hides .
Can you suggest some good restaurants , especially for Goan food or indian food near Candolim , Goa ?
I will be staying in santana beach resort , Candolim , Goa for 2 days .
Can you please suggest some good , not too expensive restaurants in candolim for good goan or indian foods ?
just half a kilometer away is calanguate beach .
Go to `` Souza Lobo '' its the very best goan food restaurant in north Goa .
Just opposite the GTDCs Calangute Residency is a place called Punjabi dhaba ( good Indian food ) where is pioneer sports stadium ?
how go pioneer sports stadium by bus ?
just go there by bus tell me all the agri - food industries in pune . . ? ? ?
pleaase ... ?
Bora Agro Foods Bora Agro Foods is a leading manufacturer of Oil - Seeds and Spices , primarily Hulled & Natural Sesame Seeds , Poppy Seeds , Carom Seeds , Cumin Seeds , etc. ShankarSheth Road , Samrat House 39D 2/6 , Pune 020 2645 2225
Poona Dal & Besan Mills Private Limited 71/A Industrial Estate , Hadapsar , Hadapsar , Hadapsar , Pune 020 26872003
Weikfield Products Viman Nagar , Pune 020 65107039
Kanhaiyalal & Company Shankar Sheth Road , Samrat House , 39D 2/6 , Pune 09767224422
Amar Seeds Private Limited www.amarseeds.com/Amar Seeds Private Limited - Exporter of fresh vegetables , indian cereals , tomato - panchali ( hybrid ) , tomato - nandini , brinjal - raja ( hybrid ) , ...
Office No - 103/105 , 1st Floor , Sheetal Plaza , 1125 , Model Colony , Shivaji Nagar , Model Colony , Pune 020 25662421
Nhb Agrotech Private Limited 201 , San Mahu Commercial Complex , 5 , Bund Garden Road , Camp , Camp , Pune 020 26129673
Durga Agro Industries Flat No - 1 Ground Floor , Marwa Apartment , Kothrud , Opposite Rahul Nagar , Kothrud , Pune 022 25430812
Parakh Agro Industries Limited 1 , Parakh House , Market , Yard , Gultekdi , Gultekdi , Pune 020 24261733
Bora Agri Tech www.bora.in / Market Yard , 5th Lane , 565/566/567 , Pune 020 2427 0566
Pranav Agro Industries 43 , Shaniwar Peth , Opposite Shaniwar Wada , Shaniwar Peth , Pune 020 24492704 is nandi in bengali a brahmin ?
nandy or nandy ... it goes out for evry nandi in yahoo no nandi is belong to caste called humanbeing ... and you ?
What should we do4fun4my daughters2nd bday ?
KC MO ?
I live in kc mo and my daughter is turning 2 at the end of the month , my cousin text me and said she would n't b able to make her party but she wanted to take me and her to the zoo , well my daughters dad is a bit childish and he said he does n't want us takin her to the zoo cuz he 's the dad nd me and him should b takin her there for the 1st time not me and my cousin .
My cousin did n't invite him cuz they do n't get along , she said camp snoopy he said no. She said the pumpkin patch , but she 's already been there , I 'm sad & do n't kno what else to do .
Anything happening at Union Station ?
John is right.Science City is so much fun im sure she will love it Is yates cider mill in rochester hills , mi expensive ?
?
I 'm just wondering like how much pumpkins and cider and the pony rides cost : ) Pony rides are $ 5 .
I have n't been there this year and do n't know the current prices for products , but thought it was reasonable .
If you go , the river trail is a nice walk .
A few years ago I went there with my family and my dad kept eating berries growing on the bushes , then pretending he was having an allergic reaction.I forgot all about that until I read this.LOL .
I ca n't remember prices but I know the cider and donuts were n't expensive .
How should I celebrate getting to Level 5 ?
Raja - ;
D this is just a wild guess , but i am betting you have achieved this great honor before - perhaps in another time and another place ... .
in anycase it is a delightful and wonderful honor that the Yahoo Gods bestows on the chosen and selected few ... remember level 5 is a carefree , wonderful time one should enjoy and cherish , because Level 6 , as we all know , is automatic suspesnsion time ! ! !
enjoy your celebration with Raja ! ! !
* winks me + you + chocolate + the kitchen counter = Let 's go to Vegas and celebrate !
: ) Good decent priced restaurants in the kansas city / independence mo ?
Im having my bday party in independence , but could also go to eat in kc .
any ideas ? ? ?
Zio 's , the one by the Independence Center .
GREAT Italian food and a cool atmosphere .
Try the Mama Mia pasta and the tiramisu !
Sonic is cool Can you please list the names of organic food shops in Chennai and your reviews too ?
Thanks ; ) ?
please reply Dhanyam organic superstore , No.24 , North Boag Road , T.Nagar , Chennai -- 600 017,Phone : 044 - 28157654 Amazing range of organic foods .
The Eco-Nut health food store 1st Floor , E34 , 2nd Avenue , Besant Nagar , Chennai 600090.044 - 24460699 , Organic foods , health foods , whole grain bread , cold pressed oils , unrefined foods , almost everything .
Annai organic and Naturals Foods No : 8 , 1st Avenue , Shastri nagar , Adyar , Chennai - 600041 94432 06790 Organic foods , traditional millets , organic rice , organic dry fruits , organic honey , natural cosmetic ( home made ) , sugar free snacks , weight / diabetic permanent cures How much do get a driver from Domino 's Pizza in Auckland ( average per hour and week ) ?
I think you might get the minimum wage Can Babies Die in Fires ?
I mean , I was playing the Sims 2 ( BEST GAME EVURRR ) and I accidentally set their house on fire , but the baby stayed alive .
Do babies die in fires in real life ?
It 's been clinically proven that baby fat is not flammable .
In Houston , TX the fire department is actually recruiting toddlers from age 1 yr old to 3 yrs old to serve in order to save on uniforms because the economy is so bad .
no they dont obviously they do since their living i hope ur seriously joking what is the consumption of an ordinary air conditioner ?
An ordinary 1 ton AC consumes about 3 - 4 units a day when it was running for 4 - 5 hours.So , it is always best to buy an 5 star product as it will certainly get ur Eb billunder ur par.This difference i 've found only after buying an 5star AC.Hope this helps .
What are the good popular nightclubs in Valencia spain ?
Which are the popular night clubs in Valencia Spain Valencia the Region , Valencia the Province or Valencia the City ?
What Time of Year ?
How old are you ?
What are you into ?
Vialtri se pedo dei sigagni onti dele giostre ! ?
Suggested Category Browse Categories
Suggested Category
Society & Culture > Languages Cars & Transportation > Car Makes > Saab Travel > Europe ( Continental ) > Greece Sports > Football ( Soccer ) > Scottish Football ( Soccer ) Sports > Football ( Australian ) > Other - Football Riprenditi Uaglio ' ! ! !
Are there any all - you - can eat crab places on Oahu besides the Oceanarium ?
The Oceanarium wo n't take our reservation tonight because they 're too booked , any suggestions ?
We 're looking for all - you - can - eat crab .
Todai ! ?
It 's a buffet of other things also .
They have crab legs too !
Are there Any restaurants which has buffets under Rs 300 in chennai ?
Dhaba Express , 112 , 1st Floor , Eldorado Building , Nungambakkam High Rd , Nungambakkam , Chennai - 044 - 28203636
Rajdhani Punjabi Dhaba , Hotel Landmark View , Thousand Lights , 647 , Anna Salai , Chennai - 09380329568
Murugan idli shop , No 9 , Ramanathan Street , Usman Road , T.Nagar , Chennai , 044 24345343
Rendezvous , Quality Inn Sabari , 29 , Thirumalai Pillai Road , T. Nagar , Chennai 044 28343030 I think mainland china does have buffet options
http://www.monsterreviews.in/ch/2011/10/4/mainland-china.html Can anybody name a store brand of Kmart New Zealand , i.e. a brand ( probably low cost ) exclusively sold there ?
I 'm looking for the name of any store brand of Kmart NZ , i.e. mostly a low cost brand that is exclusively sold in a discounter or retailer .
An example is homebrand for Countdown What a confusing question .
Everything in kmart though is cheap Kmart sells now clothing which is very cheap .
re Is there any good taco spots in or around Killeen , TX ?
A taco spot that serves good barbacoa and carne guisada tacos .
And especially for a decent price .
Thanks ahead of time .
Yelp did n't find anything for carne guisada in Killeen , and if Yelp does n't find it , it ai n't there .
It did find other places , like in Round Rock :
http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=african+american+hair+salons&ns=1&find_loc=orlando+fl#find_desc=guisada+taco&find_loc=killeen+tx&show_filters=1 Chipotle has excellent barbacoa !
Price of burrito is $ 6 - 7 under $ 10 with drink ...
I live around Scottsdale and I get my tacos from Blue Adobe Grille .
They got decent price as well .
Hope you got your restaurant of choice by now .
what is a private detective ?
I actually worked as a private dick a long time ago .
Private investigators do all sorts of things , from personal protection , to round the clock surveillance to retrieving stolen property and kidnapped children .
They are not like the police who often simply will not investigate or help with certain matters , such as marital infidelity or spousal abuse .
Police , in reality are not there to protect you - they are there to pick up the pieces after you have been assaulted , robbed or scared half to death .
and , there is this fact about PI 's few people know .
PI 's are for the wealthy , not the middle class or poor .
Most folks simply can not afford the services they offer .
PI 's also work for the defense lawyers who are probably about 800f their business .
As a PI , I did all sorts of things .
I did home protections , guarded children during divorce cases , as mom or dad had threatened to steal the children during heated custody cases .
I found runaway kids - mostly teens who were just mad at their parents ( we made a huge amount of money on that ) and even retrieved children who had been taken by parents who refused to accept court ordered custody - such as kids given back to abusive moms or dads so the parent that lost simply goes and gets the kids and runs .
Those were the cases I most hated because of the absolute anguish the losing parent experienced .
I could not count the number of cars I retrieved in divorce cases as one spouse or other took the family car that was not part of community property .
We also protected bank accounts by maintaining a secret out of state bank account we let our customers use - also in divorce cases - to keep one spouse from robbing the joint accounts .
a private dectective A person that you can hire to do some detective work , who are not affiliated with the regular police .
how do i own a internet ?
i wan na own a internet but i dunno how next time you comment on someone 's question with a rude ass remark bitch make sure you dont make yourself look like a moron .
the camera film question i asked you linked me a video , and thank you very fucking much i watched that video BEFORE you linked it to me .
it didnt show a damn thing about changeint the fucking film , I did look on google .
So next time your ignorant ass wants to get smart with an adult think before you speak you little prick there is no way to own an internet .
THE internet is a collection of networks .
If you mean you want to own a website then you can build one .
unfortunately if you build a website you have to pay for the domain name .
a domain name is essentially what you type in on the search bar at the top of your browser .
www.yahoo.com is an example of a domain name .
First , you need a net .
what is IVC in IVC ROAD , Bangalore ?
many real - estate people quote this road as premium area of future - leading to BIAL Bangalore IVC MEANS Inferior Vena Cava IT MEANS A Road Less Traveled .
IVC is helpful that one should not tresspass and IVC are useful in limiting the differential diagnosis .
Can I avoid non spicy foor in india ?
I shall be going on a touring holiday to india next year.Its an organised tour and will be a week in the north and a week in the south.We will be staying in good quality hotels with most meals included.My question is . .
whilst I want to see india I dont really like spicy food ... .
definately not chillees although I can just about deal with a korma which is mild.How easy will it be to request non spicy food and will it be more difficult in the south of india Definitely , you can avoid spicy food in India .
People eat loads of bread and spreads like jams that you can find practically everywhere .
So just keep some handy , even some peanut butter for emergencies .
Normally when you order , ask specifically to leave out the chillies .
Loads of Indian spices do not involve chillies and are quite mild ( think salt , pepper , cumin , cilantro etc. ) Ask for the child 's version of the menu , it just has less spice because lots of kids do n't eat spices .
Ask , ask , ask .
People are quite willing to help you with choosing correct food .
Ask other people in the restaurant , ask the tour operators .
Some non-spicy things : 1 .
South Indian stuffs like idlis , dosas ( plain ) .
Or you could just go to western restaurants or whatever .
For emergencies , there 's always McDonald 's and KFC .
yeah - this is going to be very difficult .
Ask for their mildest , or just have a glass of milk handy when you 're eating .
Sorry , that 's all I 've got : ) address plzz . ? ? ?
i cant find this hyderabad address . ?
Liberty Exclusive Banquets 1st Floor , A.G Heights Banjara Hills Road No : 12 , Hyderabad
Friends , ... where is this address located ? ?
give me google map so it wil be east to locate for my Exam ... plzzzzzzzzz I can tell you That Road No.12 is opposite tAJ kRIHNA hotel and besides City Mall .
Hope this may help you !
http://maps.google.co.in/maps/myplaces?hl=en&vpsrc=1&ctz=-330&abauth=ad4bb907:Y3mBDjZ9ulXZs84IDUYREbSSUgM&vps=1&num=10 well YOUR MOM ! ! !
lol google ... ( . Y. ) What should I get for dinner gyro , coney dogs , moussaka or some other staple of a coney island ?
Natasha I am not going to Coney Island I am going to a coney island down the street .
One is a geographical location one is a style of restaurant .
Greek salad with gyro meat on it .
Go to Nathan 's .
Its the original location .
Gyro with a Greek Salad and or Greek Lemon soup sounds good where is a good place to eat Korean BBQ in San Diego ?
my family and i choose to go to a Korean BBQ restaurant but we do n't know which one and we are going on October 12th 2011 Dae Jang Keum 7905 Engineer Road San Diego , CA ( 858 ) 573 - 2585
http://daejangkeumkoreanbbq.menutoeat.com / What are some low carb takeaways ?
I am on a low carb diet at the moment and my mom wo n't cook tonight .
She asked me what we should get .
If there are any what meal should I get ?
houla hands have great low carb stuff , like certain types of currys and rice and noodles and is all very fresh !
SUBWAY OUR FRIEND 'S INDIAN FAMILY ARE RACIST , SEXIST , CLOSE MINDED AND OLD FASHIONED .
HOW TO DEAL WITH THEM ? ? ? ? ? ?
MY BOYFRIEND AND I 'S FRIEND STAYS WITH AN INDIAN FAMILY WHO ARE RACIST , SEXIST AND OLD FASHIONED .
MOST OF THE TIME THEY DO N'T ALLOW HIS FRIENDS TO GO OVER THEIR HOUSE AND GIRLS ARE NEVER ALLOWED IN THEIR HOUSE OR EVEN ANYWHERE NEAR IT .
I 'M ANGRY BECAUSE CONSIDERING THAT THIS IS MY !
COUNTRY , IT 'S A WESTERN COUNTRY AND IT 'S NOT INDIA , I SHOULD BE ABLE TO GO ANYWHERE I LIKE WITH MY FRIENDS .
MY BOYFRIEND OCCASIONALLY GOES TO VISIT HIM FOR A FEW MINUTES BUT I STAY HIDDEN INSIDE THE CAR BECAUSE I 'M NOT INDIAN AND I 'M A GIRL .
IT 'S VERY UNFAIR THAT MY BOYFRIEND GETS TO GO OVER BUT NOT ME .
THIS MAKES ME REALLY ANGRY , I DO N'T KNOW WHAT TO DO .
THIS GUY IS MY FRIEND TOO , THIS IS MY COUNTRY , I 'M NOT DOING ANY HARM , I RESPECT THEIR CULTURE , I 'M NOT A BAD PERSON .
I JUST WANT TO BE ABLE TO HANG OUT WITH MY BOYFRIEND , OUR FRIEND IN THEIR PLACE , EVEN JUST FOR A LITTLE WHILE , BUT NO GIRL IS EVEN ALLOWED ANYWHERE NEAR IT I am indian , boys were never allowed in my home .
Nothing sexist about it .
Hangout with your friend when he is not home .
This may be your country but it is THEIR house .
I was born in USA and I have indian parents , if I had a son I would n't allow girls over either .
Even my friends of other races / cultures were never really allowed to have people of the opposite sex in their house unless it was a party or something .
You can not force them to let you into their house .
Is there a Dairy Queen in Dublin , Ireland ?
Hey : )
I am going there next week and I read on wikipedia that there are Dairy Queens in Ireland ...
If there is one can you tell me where to find it ?
Thanks for your help ! ! !
Do n't believe everything you read on wikipedia .
There is no mention of Ireland on the dairy queen site .
Plus I 've lived in Dublin for 7 years .
Why would you travel all the way to another country just to eat at american fast food places ?
If you have a hankering for proper ice cream treats ...
Eddie Rockets has lovely sundays , shakes and other treats .
Supermacs on O'Connell street has some tasty treats , like their hot muffin and ice - cream .
Or go into any shop and pick up a HB Magnum , or any of HB 's other products , far nicer ice cream than you 'll get in the states ( except for maybe B&J 's or Haagen Daz )
If its hot food you are looking for , there are far too many nice places to eat that are cheap to list .
What 's cheaper flying to D.C. or Baltimore , if I 'm flying out of Indianapolis ?
It depends .
I believe it is cheaper to fly into BWI than Dulles , but cheaper to fly into Reagan than BWI .
I could be totally wrong .
Why do n't YOU check the rates .
You know , like Yahoo Travel , Expedia , etc. .
Bal .
is cheaper and better a short cab ride to other cities .
I live in Cal. and flew here using BWI Airport .
Safer cheaper and short drive to other cities .
I want good Restaurant names suitable in India ?
I want good Restaurant names for my new restaurant.i want one that suits southindian cuisines .
Swagath Royal South Masala Country Woodlands Saravana Bhavan Saravana Palace Rangoli Mayuri Minerva MalabarIndianCuisine Madras Mahal Dosa Diner Touch Indian Cuisine Curry Mantra India nights Star of India Aarathi Mehak Preet Palace Haandi Paradise Indian Cuisine Raaga Aaoji Supper Club of India Harvest of India Sitara Samrat Diya MyKarma Ginger and Spice Rama IndoRama Saran Viceroy Angeethi India Curry House Aroma Shalimar Tandoori Nights Aditi Daawat Preet Palace Little India Nirvana Indian Ocean oasis Saveur Hope that helps ?
the taste of south ( TOS south ka swaad What are some good candy stores in the Indianapolis area ? I just moved to the area and with sweetest day coming up I wanted to get my husband some chocolates . Does anyone know of a good ( and relatively inexpensive ) candy store near Indy ? the keystone at the crossing mall has a godiva store in it ! the circle center mall has a big candy store . also the hamilton town center in noblesville has a nice size candy store The South Bend Chocolate Factory i believe has a shop in Indy somewhere not sure where . Also there is this Popcorn Store that i tried out of the Indianapolis International Airport with a main store somewhere in the city . They had Popcorn with millions of flavors lol . In The Indianapolis Area : Castelton Mall There 's A Store Called Fannie May There Chocolate Is The Best It 's A Funny Name But Im So Serious Look It Up : ) When someone not australian , thinks '' australia ! !
'' , what food do you think ?
What food comes to mind when u think '' australia ?
'' THROW ANAVA SHRIMP ON THA BARBIE MATE crocodile , kangaroo veggimite and fosters is there a metaphysical or wiccan store in wellington , nz ?
i cant seem to find any magick shops in wellington and i do n't want to buy things online .
Certainly is : http://magicalpath.net/dir/pagan.html Try www.witchvox.com .
There may be listings there or you can find others from your area who can tell you where some good shops are .
Are there any good sushi places in Bangalore ?
Its been a while since i ate sushi , and i have been craving for it since a while now .
If someone knows of a good place please let me know .
Aspasia Hotel , No. 423 , 8th Main , 4th Block , Koramangala , Bangalore 080 25521674 , 080 40983361 , +91 9972572310 , +91 9972572309
Harima , 4th Floor , Devatha Plaza , 131 Residency Road , Bangalore 080 41325757 , 080 65688222
Shiro , 2nd Floor , UB City , Vittal Mallya Road , Lavelle Road , Bangalore 080 41738861 , 080 41738862 Where can you meet metalheads in new orleans ?
like , in what part of new orleans can you find them ?
or what clubs ?
a concert from my personal experience try One Eyed Jack 's
http://www.nolaunderground.com/main.html Seafood resturants in austin un ?
Pappaduex , alligator grill , joes crabshack , red lobster , Razoos . .
Etc. Hotels with pools in room in indianapolis ?
The New JW marriott has one i 'm sure plus on Expedia etc. What brings you to the great Circle City may i ask : ) where are rsl clubs in brisbane area ?
close to indooroopilly There'e one at Sherwood Nervous about a house party tonight ?
One of my friends is having a 19th at his apartment .
I know his friends and we get along fine , but I 'm just nervous because there are going to be a lot of people there that I do n't know .
He says that there will be nearly a dozen girls there and few guys from the other apartments .
That might n't sound too bad , but the thing is that I do n't go out very often , I tend to be nervous around girls and I have only been in college for a month now .
I 'm afraid to walk in , only to find his friends socializing with the others and for me to be left out .
I need some advice on how to get through the night without breaking down with nervousness .
First person you see and actually know , use them to your advantage .
Go to them tag along for the first 20 - 40 minutes .
Keep your jokes and wits about just as if no one but you and your friend were there .
Quickly people will notice your `` Spark '' and you will get a lot of convo .
Once people actually speak to you , they 'll see some of your better qualities and things you may have in common .
I honestly advise something light to calm your mood just before heading out .
Perhaps xanax , or masturbation .
Good Luck :
D
( Sorry if I was n't suppose to say that word here . )
Get some alcohol and stay tipsy throughout the night .
Do n't drink too much because you will likely lose judgment and start doing stupid things , but with a moderate amount of you will be happier and love to socialize .
It 's all about attitude .
Go in smiling , ready to dance , and have fun .
Get a drink ( be responsible ) and relax .
Find your friend .
Ask him to introduce you to a few people or just hang out with him .
Listen to conversations and chime in if you have something to add .
Stay upbeat .
Do n't be nervous , Never let ' em see you sweat !
Where is a good yoga studio in San Diego , CA ?
I am trying to find a place to do yoga near la mesa or el cajon .
Please help !
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Av3YKMnIpi4qHUAKNV36mBvsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20111014082836AAoZbWL Im planing on moving to cabo san lucas ?
Im Planing on moving to cabo San Lucas im currently leaving in the us but i was born in Mexico i was brought to the us when i was 6 so i lived here all my life and i was wondering how hard it would be for me to find a job , and also how the schools are out there i do have a 7yr old child .
my work back ground is Real Estate .
It is a beautiful area .
Many americans are moving there these days .
It is a big tourist area , so you should be able to find something .
are there any Iranian or Armenian in new orleans ?
where can I find them ?
I do n't see many .
If i see any is the occasional student , some taxi drivers and the owners of Byblos .
Go eat at byblos and check out there byblos market on veterans .
The owners of the restaurant and market hangout at the market .
those people with slender faces , brown skins , huge noses and small skulls are probabely persians / armenians / Dinner Prices At Hometown Buffet ?
Okay , so I was wonder what the dinner prices at Hometown Buffet are on Fridays .
I know i should just call but ...
Yeah .
Thanks !
Around $ 10 a person not including drink , tax and tip. San Diego Wedding Dinner Rehearsal Places ?
I am getting married and need a place to hold a dinner for the rehearsal .
I live in SD and i DONT want a BBQ .
does anyone know of a good place to go that will hold a party of 50 and is a reasonable price ?
we dont want something like fridays or applebees either .
http://maps.google.com/maps?q=inexpensive+Wedding+Dinner+Rehearsal+dinner+loc:+San+Diego,+CA&hl=en&ll=32.715016,-117.157001&spn=0.030547,0.055575&sll=32.694866,-117.158546&sspn=0.122216,0.222301&geocode=CS6_aZSLMSfFFUEy8wEdeVIE-SlLHpKtD1PZgDF53xX9_SE6DQ&vpsrc=6&hq=inexpensive+Wedding+Dinner+Rehearsal+dinner&t=h&fll=32.715016,-117.157001&fspn=0.030547,0.055575&z=15 can i have friend from bangalore , who likes my personality ?
I am bala . .
i have done MBA . .
i have been working in blr from last 5 month . .
i am getting boring manytimes in week off . .
i like to learn kannada , hindi . .
i knew little bit to talk in this language ... i would like to talk more in this language . .
i like to share my ideas with someone . .
in weekdays getting a day off ... .
in would like to get a nice frind from bangalore . .
i am very much like to know hindi and kannada . .
anyone want to dayout . .
and chat with me plz join with me ... if u like to be my friend plz let me know ... .
always welcome . .
i dont want to make life as bored one . .
i like to know new things and share my ideas and knowledge ... ilike to say my friend like this ``
A Friend Like You !
Everyone should have a friend like you You are so much fun to be with And you are such a good person
You crack me up with laughter And touch my heart with your kindness You have a wonderful ability , to know when to offer advice And when to sit in quiet support
Time after time , you have come to my rescue And brightened so many Of my routine days And time after time , I have realized how fortunate I am that my life includes you
I really do believe that Everybody should have a friend like you But so far it looks like You are one of a kind !
``
sk.baalaji@yahoo.in 9742956061 There are umpteen numbers in `` PALM MEADOWS '' whites field but they will have no time to spare as a friend to an unknown stranger Where are the bloods in dayton ohio ?
If the Bloods are in Dayton , I doubt they are hanging out on Y !
A , LOL .
someone who does good surface piercings in christchurch ?
to do my anti-eyebrow piercing , someone with experience Absolution : http://www.absolution.co.nz / Good place to eat in Akron area ?
So tonight is homecoming at my school , and I 'd like to know of some nice places to eat in the Akron area .
I have about $ 75 to spend .
It 's just me and her .
mcdonalds Date ideas for after restaurant ?
Me and my boyfriend are going to Red Lobster for Sweetess Day and we want something to do before or after thats fun .
Thanks !
: ) Movies Perhaps something Halloween themed like a corn maze or hay ride Mini golf Arcade go to the movies Red Lobster is a good place . .
But something fun or romantic like ( thats hard ... romantic here in cincinnati ) the movies or depending on the weather doing something outside . .
I know theres plenty of options to do but just cant think of anything .
Did anything interesting happen to you this week . . ?
I got my acceptance letter for the college i 've always wanted to go to .
woooooo .
Woooooooh !
:
D Nice one .
Hope you 're well : ) Aaaannddd , this week ?
I drew a naked 50year old woman at life drawing class .
Her boobs sagged slightly but she was fun to draw .
I peed outta my butt We were in India and stayed in Mumbai in a 5 Star Hotel .
My wife was at her usual as in States and walked in from the bath in total nude , while the room attendant was serving drinks for me .
He was for a rude shock on seeing her in total .
My wife just walked on to take her dress without any reaction .
whats the better show to go see in melbourne ?
im turing 18 in feb and i want to go see a show in melbourne with a group of friends , so whats better draculas or the titanic theatre resauant The titanic theater is like a once in a lifetime thing .
you can really see draculas anywhere .
Melbourne is beautiful .
But there are so many places to go in Australia , Great Barrier Reef , Opera House , and to just going on a Walkabout is the best .
I have been there twice .
Really nice people , ( aborigines ) they are really cool .
And we participated in a dance where we had our skin painted and did some dancing just like in the movie Crocodile Dundee .
What a spiritual rush . !
How long does it take for a package from Sicily to get to the midwest U.S.A ?
Most likely through regular mail .
It could easily take two weeks .
Matching picture frames ?
So I have these gold picture frames that I love but my furniture and some of my other picture frames are dark cherry wood which I also love !
Can I put these frames in the same room together or does it clash ?
Why not ?
A little contrast is good .
Gold is typical for frames also .
whats the titanic dinner show about ?
story line entertanment i dont know ? ?
not sinking Literary discussions in Melbourne ?
Hi all , I would like to find a place ( literary salon ) to discuss literature with like - minded people in Melbourne .
I tried to look online and I was n't very lucky .
I am interested in philosophy , psychology , mythology , thought - provoking movies and science and would like to be introduced to a circle of friends who would understand me .
Your help would be appreciated .
I have wondered about the possible existence of such groups myself and I even read about some groups , but since I am in country Victoria I do not expect to find anything , but there surely must be something of the like in Melbourne .
Maybe try asking someone at Melbourne Uni .
Not much use asking on here most of the people here are under 16 and have never heard of Socrates or Galileo or Schindler 's List .
Did you ask these guys ... ?
http://www.schoolofphilosophy.org.au / i want to go in my old browser automaticaly ?
open my id in old version of enternet explorer if you have upgraded your internet explorer , you ca n't go backwards .
Newer versions are better .
If you have items that do not open in newer version , there is a compatibility button you can use As you wish , you want to go in my old browser automatically .
Detroit question :
Anyone remember a night club called Mr. F 's ?
This was way back in the eighties .
If I remember correctly it was a steakhouse / nightclub .
Anyone remember this place ?
Know where I can find old photos of the place ?
Thanks .
Mr. F 's was a bar at Van Dyke and 14 Mile or so .
It had a huge cow on the roof .
I do n't know if I 'd call it a night club though .
More of just a bar .
It was in Sterling Heights - I would check with the City if they have any historic photos .
look it up on fb Is there a good woodfire pizza place in Sacramento ?
?
I had it for the first time and it was great !
The place however was in San Jose .
Does anyone know of a really good on in Sacramento ?
There 's a few , but my favorite is Masullo 's , run by a family friend .
They specialize in Neapolitan style thin - crust , individually crafted pizzas .
Do n't go in expecting Pizza Hut or Round Table monster pizzas .
But do bring your appetite .
You can also research Hot Italian , or OneSpeed , but I have n't visited those two yet .
http://www.masullopizza.com /
Here 's some reviews .
http://www.yelp.com/biz/masullo-pizza-sacramento http://www.urbanspoon.com/r/36/452421/restaurant/Land-Park/Masullo-Pizza-Sacramento http://slice.seriouseats.com/archives/2010/11/best-pizza-in-sacramento-california-masullo-pizza-neapolitan.html go to california pizza kitchen its the best place ever ! ! ! ! ! ! !
where can i buy weed in hyderabad ?
am i india and i dnt know hindi language can any 1 help me here in india hyderaba around charminar area u 'll find ur stuff .
keep puffing . .
i 'm reporting you to the DEA .
Ask at the police station , LOL .
How can i get over my trust issues ?
i can not trust the opposite sex and i feel like nobody understands that .
I mean i have my heart ripped out twice .
But the thing is that i wan na get rid of this how can i do this ?
Just do n't let 2 bad experiences make u think that everyone else is like that .
where can i find a shisha cafe in melbourne ?
im on holiday in melbourne from the farm and i really want to go to a shisha cafe where are they and how do i get there ?
and whats the age you have to be ( my mates smoke it at a cafe and there 16 ) and whats the average price for a block of it ?
thank you There are ones in brunswick , st kilda , carlton , coburg There is a decent one in Richmond - 482 Bridge Road .
Plenty of flavors and techniques , this is a very popular place and very relaxing .
I think you have to be 18 mate to smoke shisha .
Not sure about prices though .
Sorry guys but i answered first !
high street Northcote nears sportsmart Is looking at Junior Students Doodles Weird ?
I Was just looking at some kids doodles on google , i told my mate , and he called me a Weird Pedofile .
On google you can look at doodles and vote on what one you think is the best .
NO !
you 're not a pedofile !
sheesh , your just interested in cute little bitty dwawings .
thats not a good friend .
i say you divorce him kay bye - blondee AM I BEING GREEDY OR DO THEY JUST LOVE FOOD ?
PLEASE ANSWER THIS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
10 POINTS TO BEST ANSWER ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
Ok , so at church there is a family that has 3 kid .
2 kids are in the teen class and the 3 one is in the preteen class ( with me ) .
In the preteen class they give us a snack , but everything we have a snack the 2 kids come in and eat all the food !
They just come in and said can i have this and without even listening to the answer they just eat it and they would walk around just taking food off peoples plates , NO JOKE I SWEAR I AM NOT LYING !
Anyways , i had some chocolate that was expensive that I bought ( it was really good ) and they both got into my purse and ate it ! ! ! ! !
I was so mad , then i had a donut and they asked if they could have some , and i 'm a person that ca n't say no so i gave them some and they kept coming back for more .
I only has 3 bites of that donut ! ! ! !
I get really mad at them but do n't say anything , so , am I being greedy ?
Or is this normal , or do they just love food ?
and how do I learn to say no ? ? ?
Wow they are being very greedy , i know exacly how i feel !
Some kid did that to me .
I asked them to stop and they did , so you should try that .
Also , tell someone .
and just make up a excuse so you do n't have to share their food be in charge !
that 's YOUR food ! ! ! !
say no !
ask their parents why the eat everyones food .
lol jk : ) : ) : ) just make sure you say something like : why are you always eating everyone 's food ?
and they should stop .
ok wait you said preteens ? ? ?
:
O lol : ) : ) : ) You are defiantly not being greedy .
I am the kind of person that ca n't say no either but if I were you next time they ask you for food I would say no sorry and the next te I would just getore and more hostile to them .
Hope I helped thanks ! !
Wheres a good place to go after a birthday ?
Where is a good place to go celebrate a 17 year olds birthday after a dinner ?
To have fun and walk around and get dressed up ?
suggestions ?
The mall since you can do so much like walk around talk , go to clothes stores and such bar Look up Libbie Lu 's .
: ) Is Kissimmee A Good Place To Live ?
I moving to Orlando in a few years and i was thinking Kissimmee . .
I dont mind the whole disney thing there but im just wondering about is it an affordable place , near shops , near school . .
Kissimmee is affordable .
It not nearly as nice as Orlando but is is more affordable .
kissimmee is ok if English is your second language the kissimmee in general is very high in the spanish population .
most of the business cater to them .
What should I do in Orlando ?
I will be there Oct 20th , 21st , and 22nd and we ca n't afford the theme parks .
thanks !
Any good local restaurants ?
Orlando is famous for bland food .
So many chains and they do n't want to offend anybody .
Recently a tourist from Australia asked me why do your restaurants insist on serving `` hospital food '' .
No taste no flavor .
There are some good local restaurants ( not many ) Probably the best is La Coque au Vin on South Orange Ave. Norman 's at the Ritz Carleton is excellent and expensive .
Downtown is La Boheme is the Grand Bohemian hote .
Orlando does have a good selection of oriental places .
Korean , Vietnamese , Chinese , a few filipino and Japanese .
Try urbanspoon orlando .
They list more tan 6000 restaurants in the Orlando area .
BTW Around Mills and SR 50 there are numerous places from Vietnam ( some excellent ) .
Korean we like Korea House on 434 - not at all expensive .
You can go to Downtown Disney , it 's free : ) There 's restaurants there too .
Unfortunately most of the restaurants in Orlando are all corporate chains .
They cater to American tourists and those tourists like to dine at places they recognize .
Is it ever justified to forge your parent 's signature ?
I am 14 and a freshman in high school in Texas .
I am ( for context , not to brag ) a good kid -- never in trouble , on the honor roll , a class officer , play soccer , homecoming court etc etc. One of my best friends was really struggling with math , so last Wednesday , before Fall break , I helped her cheat on a exam .
I have never done anything like this before , and feel quite bad about it .
I also should be clear that I , myself , did not cheat ( I helped her cheat ) .
But I know that that is wrong too .
We got caught and both got 0 ' s on the test .
My teacher also sent me home with a corporal punishment consent form .
My mom is NOT a super traditional , conservative parent ... . .
BUT she is really really big on supporting the school , and has always been clear that if I ever were to get in trouble and I knew the rules ahead of time , I would have noone but myself to blame and she would back the school up .
Rather or not ya 'll agree with her ( beside the point ) I know she will / would sign the form .
Meanwhile , I TRULY already feel bad for what I did , and I really really really do n't want to be paddled ( I 'm a total wimp about pain and have never been in big trouble at school ) .
Today is the last day of my Fall Break I start back to school tomorrow .
What I 'm asking is , would it be HORRIBLE of me to sign her name to the form ( checking no instead of yes ) , take my two detentions instead of the paddling , learn my lesson , and move on ?
If I was a bad kid who gets in trouble I 'd say that the consequences I knew about based on school rules of cheating need to happen , but I 've never even had detention --
I already feel bad about what I did .
So what is the point of being embarrased and ( more importantly ) getting a paddling ?
As a parent I would say no. Obviously you 're not getting the message .
Your intentions were honorable and helping your friend and it shows your loyalty to your friend .
But a true friend would understand another friend not doing something dishonest .
That does not mean that a friend would not ask , it just means it is your job to know right from wrong and to be able to say no. I believe a lot of our politicians had somebody do their tests for them and college and they never learned anything but yet they got to graduate .
Now they run our country , and as you can well tell its a mess .
If inside of your mind and your heart says something is wrong , illegal , or cheating you need to listen to yourself and do the right thing and not allow peer pressure or friends to steer you in the wrong direction .
When I was in high school I got caught smoking a cigarette and I got paddled .
Lucky for me I had my glasses and my back pocket and that paddle was pretty big .
It had holes in it and was aerodynamically designed to fly through the air upon impact .
2 whacks was the penalty for getting caught smoking .
I do not think that was fair but it was just me they got caught .
I did not learn anything from that because I smoked cigarettes 40 years after that before I quit .
I did n't quit because I got whacks I quit because I knew it was the right thing to do for my own health .
I would 've taken the detention as well if I had your choice .
But for your own personal self you need to understand cheating for yourself or somebody else is not right whether you got caught or you got whacks or it detention should not matter .
In your own heart you know what was right .
In life the only thing that we can have that no one can take away is our integrity in our honesty and our word when we give it it sounds to me like you are the type of person that has those qualities and you just messed up one time we all make mistakes .
If your friend continues to judge your friendship on whether or not you do things for them or help them cheat on tests or whatever you need to question that friendship and talk to your friend and let them know where you 're coming from .
If you lose a friend over that they were never a friend to begin with .
I wish you the best of luck sorry , you got a detention but it will be over soon , to try to keep focused on what 's right and do good in school .
Good luck Stop asking that same question .
NO. Go do something useful and get a job i would n't forge just incase they call up your mum :
O
Warning , watch out for all those call girls .
I WANT TO GET A GIRL FRIEND ?
I WANT A FRIEND OF GIRLES OF GGERMANY Uh ... well if you must post this , rating you , you are probably a 6 or below .
I take it that you are aiming for girls who are like 8 ' s and 9 ' s. You need to aim lower , at your level or lower to almost insure you have some sort of shot .
please any one suggest me that whre is the lady dance bar in ahmedabad ?
there are many dance bar in agmedabad but it has to be search .
they all are underground not in open .
You need to Google it and you will find it 's lists on the internet .
yes sandy darling . .
u wan na job there ? ? ?
Can you recommend a quiet , cozy restaurant in Kansas City area ?
I am looking for a quiet place , maybe with piano music , to take my wife .
She is not into the loud , trendy places or sports bars or rib joints .
( Lucky me , she is not into spending a fortune either on food . )
Looking in the Kansas City , Missouri or Eastern Jackson County .
It sounds like you just described the Phoenix Piano Bar & Grill downtown on 8th St. The Grand Street Cafe is exactly what you are looking for .
How long is Hanna Haunted Acres open in Indianapolis ?
Here is the website schedule :
http://www.hannahauntedacres.com/schedule / I have lots of novels and I want to sell / exchange them for other novels / books , the problem is I am new to ?
bangalore and I do n't know the place where you can sell your books , can anyone please tell me about place where you can sell your old novels , thanks !
there are many groups and pages in facebook where you can exchange books and you can sell in www.kuchbhibikega.com sell them on Quikr or OLX you can sell old novels on ebay i was wondering if anyone knows of any cheap agistment places on the gold coast ?
i might be getting a horse soon and i need a place to keep it .
i need somewhere on the gold coast area , i will be able to make it out a few times a week of an afternoon to feed him .
if anyone knows of any please comment .
thankyou : ) Using Google & `` Gold Coast Horse Agistment '' there were quite a few listed .
Check their websites for details .
How do you buy a radio licence in the UK ?
I have just turned 18 so I think I need to buy a radio licence .
I want a radio for christmas but my Mummy says that Santa wo n't buy me one unless I have a licence .
Where can I get one ?
You do n't need one in the UK , they were abolished in 1971 .
What Food Places near Northville , MI sing Happy Birthday ?
I want to take my friend out for her birthday --
I do n't have a ton of money , but I wanted to take her somewhere that sang to her , and maybe had a free dessert / meal ?
I live close to Northville , MI , but I 'd be interested in places in Livonia , Plymouth , and maybe Novi .
Thanks !
Champps Americana .
I love it there .
Applebee 's , Border Cantina , Don Pablos .
Red lobster , Applebees , Red Robin where can i get depiwhite in hyderabad ?
hi where can i get depiwhite in hyderabad just down the street there all over the place i need to find a miso ramen place in miami anyone please ?
miso ramen is delicious and i ca n't find any in miami you know with the egg noodles beef egg halves crab etc please if anyone knows of a good place please let me know much appreciated !
miso in particular not sure about , but i 'll bet Hiro 's Yakko - San is your best bet .
3881 NE 163 St Are there any good ayurvedic spas in Mumbai ?
its in Navi Mumbai
1 ) Try the Holiday Inn Express in Vermilion , perhaps go to HalloWeekend at Cedar Point .
http://discoververmilion.com /
2 ) Go to Kelleys Island , called one of the most romantic island getaways by cnn.com a few years ago .
3 ) Get a cabin at Mohican State Park or stay at the Mohican State Park Lodge ( the lodge has an indoor Olympic pool ) .
You could explore Ohio Amish Country , Mansfield ( Richland Carousel and Ohio Reformatory ) , and Malabar Farm State Park .
If you waited to next weekend , Malabar Farm will have its Harvest Barn Dance , which you could combine with a hayride :
http://www.malabarfarm.org /
4 ) Stay in downtown Cleveland , perhaps at the Radisson or the Holiday Inn Express .
Both are near East 4th St. , where you could go to Hilarities , the House of Blues , or even Wilbert 's .
You also would be a short walk from the clubs in the Warehouse District around West 6th St. You also could see a play at Playhouse Square , such as the Milliion Dollar Quartet if your are rock ' n roll fans .
5 ) Go to Holmes County to explore Ohio Amish Country southwest of Canton , staying in Berlin , Walnut Creek , or Sugarcreek .
http://www.experience-ohio-amish-country.com /
http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g51021-i15628-k4881609-Carlisle_Inns_Walnut_Creek_or_Sugarcreek_which_is_better-Sugarcreek_Ohio.html
http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g28956-i265-k4891452-Berlin_OH_Motel_Hotel_B_B-Ohio.html
6 ) Go to the Geneva State Park Lodge and tour the nearby wineries .
There likely are bus or van tours still available so you do n't have to worry about DWI ( check with the lodge ) .
Keep in mind , that Leaf Turn in much of Ohio will be in its late stages by this weekend and certainly next weekend .
http://ohiodnr.com/tabid/9584/Default.aspx
Have fun !
A really ghetto hood . .
Any good old age home in delhi ?
Hi ,
There is a woman around 80 yrs old she come daily to our street and she has to beg i can understand her financial circumstances are definatly not good enough this is why she has to do this all .
Please reply if you really know some really non-profit one i have googled already so pls tell me the one u u know which is really works well ; )
Thanks friends Senior Citizen Home Complex Welfare Society ( Regd ) B - 33 , Ground floor , Kailash Colony , Near Star Medicos , New Delhi - 110 048
Phone : 011 - 6293119,6293120,6479456,6479457,647658 , Telefax : 6293120 .
I have talked to one of my friends and then only have given you this number .
This is really good ! !
sorry i did n't know but i was unable to stop myself from commenting you are really a good person so that you are thinking that much for an unknown old lady , i was expecting while reading the punchlines that may be any irresponsible son or daughter is asking for an old age home for their parents .
but happy to see this . .
still their is humanity ... : ) wish you good luck for your future and i am sure someday you will be rewarded for such high thinking and good deeds . .
keep doing , people like you can change the world . .
I agree with Nupur . .
your good deeds will pay u back . .
: ) All the very best . .
What should I do for my 20th birthday ? ! ?
I 'm a girl & I will be turning 20 November 12th I just have no idea what to do .
I 'll most likely be spending it with a few friends ( they are all away at school ) .
I was thinking dinner somewhere nice / fancy but im not sure thats all i want to do !
Some really great places that are fancy but casual at the same time are :
Bonefish grill , Red Lobster , Red Robin , Outback Steakhouse , and Longhorn Steakhouse .
All of these are some of my favorites !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! ! !
< 3 < 3 < 3 < 3 :
D I 'd go out for a unique dinner someplace I 've never been before just to make it special and then I 'd end the evening at a concert or comedy club for a fun night on the town .
Throw a party !
Pop the bottles !
Live a little and have fun !
Any fish markets in orlando / central florida that carries Eel ?
Looking for a safe , reliable place to purchase it from .
I 've tryed Lombardis and they do n't carry it , and the only place I 've seen otherwise is an asian market with a lot of negative reviews .
You might try Wild Ocean fish Market in Titusville , on the corner of south and park .
If they do n't have it , they can probably get it .
Have you tried Dong A on Mills .
I have been a customer there for years .
If hthy do n't have eel , I am sure they will send you to the right place .
I also shop quite a bit at the Super Oriental market on east Colonial .
They probably have eel .
Also there there are several markets on Colonial near Mills that could be of help .
They always have them at the First Oriental Market on West Colonial .
Live ones Where can I find a really good monte cristo sandwich in Washington State ?
I Just moved here with my husband , and he loves that sandwich and he cant seem to find anywhere to get one .
In Washington fast food outlet Dive bombing ... guitar ?
What would be the best frets to dive bomb on ?
Schecter C - 1 hellraiser fr Frets have nothing to do with dive bombing , the tremolo does , and the best tremolo would be an original Floyd Rose .
TACOS which is the best orthopedics surgeon in Delhi , NCR ?
Please let me know the best orthopedics surgeon in Delhi , NCR for my joint injury ...
Best Orthopedic surgeon is Dr. Jayant Arora from Columbia Asia Hospital .
He has vast experience in Knee replacement , Hip Replacement , Shoulder Replacement .
The hospital is based in Gurgaon and you may also visit his website www.arthrocure.com for more details .
The category is DINING OUT .
What is the connection to orthopedics ?
Go to AIMS one of the best hospital in Delhi .
How old do you have to be to get into Talbott Steet in Indianapolis ?
Is the club 18 + or 21 + ?
21 Milano , Best place to eat there ?
2 4 6 8 . .
test test ?
Pizza Mia That 's subjective and I certainly have n't come anywhere close to trying all the places in Milan , but a couple of restaurants I do like a lot are Al Santa Marta http://www.santamarta.it / and Ristorante Papa Francesco http://www.papafrancesco.com / Rossellini ! !
wesh keda . .
wade7 en fi nas hena 5alena nro7 P Q bta3 zaman , bas nestana shwia 3ala mal nas tegi ?
ana nazel delw2ty w ya rab lama arga3 ala2i nas aktar gat .
Find a person by an email address ?
Are you looking for a specific person 's email address ?
Unfortunately , there is no master email address directory out there , so looking up an email address can be tricky .
But if you know where to look , finding someone 's email address can be fairly easy in many cases , particularly if the individual has a unique name .
And even in cases where you ca n't find a person 's email address , you may be able to find an alternate method that may enable you to contact the person you 're looking for !
Keep reading to learn how to look up a person 's email address on the web for free !
Difficulty :
Moderately ChallengingInstructions Things You 'll Need The name of the person whose email address you 're trying to look up .
A computer An internet connection Patience !
Looking up a person 's email address can take time !
Suggest Edits
1 Check your email account for the person 's email address .
If you 've corresponded with the person in the past from your email account , you may have the person 's email address in your sent mail folder .
You can also perform a search of your email account for the person 's name .
2 Use Google and other search engines ( Yahoo! , Bing , MSN , Lycos , Ask.com , etc. ) to find a person 's email address .
Type in the person 's name in quotes , followed by the word `` email . ''
So you would look up an email address for a person named John Doe 's by `` Googling '' the following : `` John Doe '' email .
It 's important to note that different search engines yield different search results , so it 's important to look on each one when trying to find someone 's email address .
3 Use a free email look - up tool .
There 's many great websites that offer help for people who are trying to find a person 's email address .
Yahoo! People Finder is one great tool to find someone 's email address .
Email - Lookup.com is another great free online email look - up website .
See the resources section of this article for links to some good email look - up sites on the web .
4 If you can find the person 's blog or personal website , use this to find the person 's email address .
If you can find their website or blog , an email address may be listed .
If the email address is not listed , you can enter the blog / website URL into a WhoIs look - up tool ; this will typically reveal the email address and other contact information for the person who registered the domain .
This will not work if the domain was registered by proxy .
5 Try other methods to contact the person .
Sometimes , it 's just not possible to find a person 's email address on your own .
So look for alternative methods to contact the individual .
Contact a mutual friend who might have the person 's email address .
You can also `` Google '' the person ; perhaps you 'll find a MySpace or Facebook page ; these enable you to contact the individual in question , though you will need to sign up for Facebook or MySpace in order to contact the person .
Read more :
How to Find a Person 's Email Address for Free on the Web
eHow.com http://www.ehow.com/how_5211231_persons-email-address.html#ixzz1biZpVUT6 it 's possible in only social networking websites like : facebook , twitter , hi5 and etc. You can easily pay about 30 bucks and get the owner of the email address because it public information .
Do most people in Milan support AC Milan ?
Or Inter Milan ?
Or others ?
Most people support AC Milan . .
I prefer A.C Milan but i 'm not a big fan .
I am italian and I live in Milan !
...
My dear is impossible to determine the percentages .
It same exactly 50 % and 50 % .
However many years ago , until 1950 - 1960 Inter was the team of rich people ( called derogatory `` bauscia '' in milanese dialect ) and supporters of milan were all unfortunate .
After social group is radically changed , came the wealth !
for more people !
And above all came many immigrants from South Italy .
Making a sociological reflection : term `` bauscia '' ( old supporters of Inter ) means `` snooty , haughty and aggressive , bully person '' and not `` rich person '' therefore supporters of Inter have always been the snooty , haughty and aggressive - bully people so from the standpoint of character and non-economic ... understand ?
While Milan supporters were the impulsive ( like red color :-) but also simply people , The populace ! The street people , understand ?
Now since decade of 1980 is not exists more the street people , there 's more richness at milanese people but since that decade things have been reversed !
Milan is the team for aggressive and bully , snooty and haughty .
For those who want to win it all now .
Inter is the team for impulsive populace and for less fortunate ( mulattos immigrants ecc ... )
This is due to berlusconi who ascended to the guide of milan to drive into believing in the American dream , id est anyone can win it all with ease .
For opposition supporters of Inter have been more realistic and humble .
Why ca n't I view all of the notes on my Tumblr posts ?
There 's this one post on my tumblr page that says it has 9 notes , but when I click on it the only note I can view is one like .
A bunch of my posts are like this .
How can I view all of the notes on one of my posts ?
tech support
Tumblr www.tumblr.com/tagged/tech+support T - T i 'm trying to figure it out too ! ! ! !
where to buy a mouse ?
Petmania if you live in ireland .
A pet store ?
Your question need some precision .
Are you talking of living mouse or electronic one . ?
Pets store for the first one and electronic store for the second .
WHAT 'S SOMETHING YOU FIND annoying ?
the alarm clock going off in the morning exams guests when your fridge is out of stock unpunctual people snoring waiting more than half an hour for your ordered food to arrive washing bathrooms answering silly q 's when a manga has bad drawings > = I Or when my sister throws bread and nutella at me ... -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Teeny boppers asking inappropriate relationship questions in this forum .
WHAT 'S SOMETHING YOU FIND annoying ?
my girlfriend stealing her clothes back ... .
thats right im a boy who wears girls clothes : ) woop woop this question The annoying orange Good place to have a baby shower brunch in Orlando ?
I am throwing a baby shower and would like to do a brunch somewhere .
I do not have a huge budget so I am looking for somewhere in the Orlando area that will do a nice brunch but not break the bank .
Any suggestions are appreciated !
I have a budget of 500 $ and inviting around 50 people .
This seems like it will be next to impossible with the budget I have .
Sounds like you 're better off renting a room and having a potluck .
Cafe Tu Tu Tangos .
The menu is nothing but appetizers and people share them .
Very unique , yummy food ( and not expensive ) .
Nice atmosphere ... they have tables , but also areas of couches I think would be nice to reserve for baby shower .
orlando fl mizu hibachi japenese steakhouse ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
haha you 'll love that place ! !
best place ever to celebrate ! ! !
Where can i get Original Marlboro Cigarettes in Chennai ?
i used to see Marlboro packs in many tea stalls everywhere but everytime i try one i always realize that its not genuine like what i used to smoke in Delhi for years ... .
Where can get the Genuine Marlboro in Chennai ?
Any Cigrettes will kill your life so pl Stop smoking now Health effects of tobacco The health effects of tobacco are the circumstances , mechanisms , and factors of tobacco consumption on human health .
Epidemiological research has been focused primarily on cigarette tobacco smoking , ( 1 ) which has been studied more extensively than any other form of consumption .
( 2 )
Tobacco is the single greatest cause of preventable death globally .
( 3 ) Tobacco use leads most commonly to diseases affecting the heart and lungs , with smoking being a major risk factor for heart attacks , strokes , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) ( including emphysema and chronic bronchitis ) , and cancer ( particularly lung cancer , cancers of the larynx and mouth , and pancreatic cancer ) .
It also causes peripheral vascular disease and hypertension .
The effects depend on the number of years that a person smokes and on how much the person smokes .
Starting smoking earlier in life and smoking cigarettes higher in tar increases the risk of these diseases .
Cigarettes sold in underdeveloped countries tend to have higher tar content , and are less likely to be filtered , potentially increasing vulnerability to tobacco - related disease in these regions .
( 4 ) The World Health Organization ( WHO ) estimates that tobacco caused 5.4 million deaths in 2004 ( 5 ) and 100 million deaths over the course of the 20th century .
( 6 ) Similarly , the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention describes tobacco use as `` the single most important preventable risk to human health in developed countries and an important cause of premature death worldwide . ''
( 7 )
Smoke contains several carcinogenic pyrolytic products that bind to DNA and cause many genetic mutations .
There are over 19 known chemical carcinogens in cigarette smoke ( citation needed ) .
Tobacco also contains nicotine , which is a highly addictive psychoactive chemical .
When tobacco is smoked , nicotine causes physical and psychological dependency .
Tobacco use is a significant factor in miscarriages among pregnant smokers , it contributes to a number of other threats to the health of the fetus such as premature births and low birth weight and increases by 1.4 to 3 times the chance for Sudden Infant Death Syndrome ( SIDS ) .
( 8 ) The result of scientific studies done in neonatal rats seems to indicate that exposure to cigarette smoke in the womb may reduce the fetal brain 's ability to recognize hypoxic conditions , thus increasing the chance of accidental asphyxiation .
( 9 ) Incidence of impotence is approximately 85 percent higher in male smokers compared to non-smokers , ( 10 ) and is a key factor causing erectile dysfunction ?
Try at '' Spencer 's .
Opera mini te bangla dekhte problem ?
Ami banglai likhsi amer opera minite bangla lekha 100KB or more hole ar half dekha jai na !
ami mini 5 use karsi .
please help me . .
Sprechen sie Deutsch ?
Does Tacoma have any nice areas with many attractive young people ?
Like Capitol Hill or the university district in Seattle .
I would prefer an upper - middle class area , if there is one , in Tacoma .
All places have nice and attractive people .
It depends on the `` eye of the beholder '' Be nice and all will be nice as well ... . .
some nice areas in tacoma ive seen but nothing like north seattle UW ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
You Knw They Should Have Some Attractive Young People .
Why Would They Not .
Name of BBQ place near W 6th street in Austin ?
I once went to A BBQ place a few years back , it was kind of close to the Mean Eyed Cat over on W 6th street but I 'm trying to find it online now and I ca n't find anything .
Anyone know the name of the place I 'm talking about , I hope it 's still there they had awesome bbq .
was large , a sit down place , kind of rustic barn like interior .
I think it may have closed down though .
I agree that Stubb 's does n't seem like it would be what I would call ' near ' to Mean Eyed Cat. Lambert 's is a bit closer ( on 2nd ) but still would n't seem very ' near ' to me You 're going to have to give us more info because I ca n't think of a BBQ very close to Mean Eyed Cat.
You can try and look through this list of BBQ places and see if any stick out .
http://www.squidoo.com/austinbarbecue Stubbs ?
Stubbs is on East 8th and Red River .
Mean Eyed Cat is on West 5th and Campbell .
That 's a lot of space between .
What did the place look like ?
Was it a sit - down restaurant or a quick bite place ?
large place or small ?
How much is the new zealand film industry worth ?
Go to statistics NZ : http://www.stats.govt.nz/browse_for_stats/industry_sectors/film_and_television.aspx How do i find a lance distributor in indianapolis ?
A what ?
where can i buy coffee in milan ?
hey im an american who just moved to milan , and I 'm looking for a store where i can buy coffee grounds and maybe a coffee maker I just returned from living in Italy for the last four years .
If you go to the COOP ( its the grocery store ) they have all kinds of coffe and coffee makers !
Be aware ... the coffe is STRONG ! ! !
But its good .
While you are there , you should get up to lake como , its just north of the city .
Georgous !
Congrats and enjoy !
Congrats on your move !
Try Google .
lol ebay lol congrate , enjoy milan :
D Are there any advantages of eating and drinking in steel utensils than plastic , China etc ?
I 'm not sure about any difference between china and steel but plastic , yes it is a no no.
Drinking or eating from plastic containers that have the chemical bis phenol or BPA is dangerous .
Several studies have shown that when people are subjected to high levels of BPA they have an increased risk of developing certain cancers such as prostrate and breast cancer and uterine fibroids .
Other health issues raised concerning the use of BPA are urogenital abnormalities in baby boys , declining semen quality in men , in girls puberty starting early , metabolic disorders , obesity , and attention deficient hyperactivity disorder .
Even if you use , try to use food grade plastics which is hard to find .
About China i 'm not sure ... may be because it is fragile , so from safely point , steel is unbreakable .
Seattle EBT subways do they accept them now ?
the homie had a kid and his wife gets ebt now someone said they can use it at some subways in seattle is this true ?
what is wrong with that ?
They do n't have a home to cook in .
Where they gon na put groceries , let them spoil with any refrigerator ?
Yes This Is Truly True .
They Do Accept EBT At Subways .
Is there anybody know Hialeah in FL ?
I just move to here , and I live on NW 68th ave hialeah FL 33015 , I wan na know is there any qiute park that I can just sit there and space out , daydream , I just really need this kinda park .
or place .
thx u so much .
Hialeah is okay it has nice views and a park called amelia earhart if you want to take a walk with your best firend or other things .
the only bad thing is that thier are terrible drivers .
overall is a nice city .
Hi there ,
I live close by in Miami Gardens ( Opa Locka area ) , Amelia Earhart Park in Hialeah off 401 East 65th Street , Miami , Florida 33014 is a perfect beautiful park , to exercise , hangout , have parties in the picnic / shelter areas , even have quiet areas around the park that you can daydream and be to yourself .
Its opened everyday and its free to enter during the week day , but have to pay five to 10 dollars to enter on the weekend .
Hope this helps answers your question and enjoy living here in Miami , FL. http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=Ak_Mw6nLcGSEcyDz5dIgiqCHNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurant&csz=Hialeah%2C+FL&sortby=drating+dnrating How safe is Buenos Aires , Argentina ?
I am male , 64 and healthy .
I would like to visit there for at least a month .
Could I use public transportation or walk around safely ?
I have probably seen more of Argentina than most Argentinians , and the entire country is very safe in my opinion .
I was in BA last winter and am headed there again in a month .
This trip will be a property scouting `` overview '' , as my partner and I ( both late 50s ) will probably retire in BA .
Like any large city , there are places to avoid .
Always be aware of your surroundings and safeguard your possessions .
Florida street is a place to be extremely cautious , as are bus stations and trains stations .
Veer away from crowds , particularly those that gather around `` staged '' fights and around `` street shows '' .
Pick pockets are prevalent in the `` La Boca '' area and will fleece you while you watch a tango show on the street .
Or stage a fight for the same reason .
Sometimes they will spill something on you , and then while apologizing and trying to dry your clothing help themselves to your wallet .
The San Telmo area is also one where you should be alert , but do n't let that stop you .
It is a fascinating barrio .
BA has a fabulous Subte system which is inexpensive .
The main corridor in along Santa Fe Avenue , so you will probably want to find an apartment nearby .
Retiro is a good neighborhood , but the walk to the subtle is about 8 blocks .
Barrio Norte ( near Callou / Santa Fe ) is convenient as are the Palermo districts , with the exception of Palermo Soho . .
again an 8 block walk to the Plaza Italia subtle .
I would not suggest staying downtown .
I always rent a flat while in BA for the convenience of meal preparation .
There are a lot of agencies on line .
Google holiday rentals Buenos Aires for a look .
And remember , our winter is their summer , although BA never gets cold .
I do n't know your budget is or how you like to travel , but LAN is having a business class special to BA right now at $ 2999.00 R / T. That 's from San Francisco .
New York and Miami will be cheaper .
We used them last year and the experience was quite nice .
I have used American and Delta business class and there is no comparison .
The LAN aircraft are `` new '' and the seat fully reclines to make a bed .
Food for thought .
Enjoy . .
the Paris of South America awaits you .
Yes you can , i 'm from Colombia and moved to Argentina .
Buenos Aires is considered one of the safest cities in Latin America .
There 's minimal things to be worried about , if you come to `` Capital Federal '' in Buenos Aires is safe ( far from Capital is n't so safe because there 's a lot of `` Villas '' something as the Favelas in Brasil . )
I suggest come to the Capital , it 's safe and really interesting , obviously you should take a taste of the delicious food `` meat '' here .
Hope u get it , because my english is n't really good .
There 's some pictures that i took with my wife , you could take a look :
http://enargentinahora.com.ar/zenphoto /
If you have any question to me , you can reach me at preguntas@enargentinahora.com.ar
Good luck if you decide to travel ; )
BTW ! !
:
Do n't get scammed by the people who change your dollars , do n't trust anyone !
change it in a bank or in the hotel , i highly recommend the Marriot Hotel just in front of the copy of the England Tower .
Very safe , and also according to the UN , is the 2nd safer capital in the Americas , after Ottawa , Canada , you can use public transportation , walk around , I recommend you go to Puerto Madero , it 's pretty beautiful .
Looking for nicer restaurants in South Sacramento ?
I 'm trying to surprise my boyfriend by changing it up and having me take him out to dinner .
The thing is I would like somewhere a little romantic to go to , I know he likes Olive Garden and Macaroni Grill . .
but kids at every other table is n't really what I 'd consider romantic .
I have been to the Firehouse before , but I did n't like the food too much .
Would anybody have good places to recommend ?
Mcdonalds , they have FANCY ketchup , free refills , and great prices !
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=AiqrIaMADzvAXZ4g69fcnw6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurants&ambiancefilt=Romantic&csz=Sacramento%2C+CA&sortby=topresults http://www.yelp.com/search?find_loc=Sacramento%2C+CA&cflt=restaurants#attrs=RestaurantsPriceRange2.4 im looking for a nice restaurant in the clevenad area to take my boyfriend for his birthday ?
we have been to a few restaurants on west 6th but im still open to any suggestions .
nothing too stuffy maybe somewhere with music and dining besides fat fish blue .
The tripadvisor.com rated list is pretty good IMO .
http://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurants-g50207-Cleveland_Ohio.html
L'Albatros , Momocho , Chinato , and Greenhouse Tavern all would be good if you want to avoid `` stuffy '' restaurants , but still want good food .
Most of the top - rated restaurants on TA need reservations for dinner , especially on the weekend .
Sokolowski 's is another good option , especially if you like Polish food .
Sokolowski 's has a piano player Wednesday through Saturday in the main dining room .
If you want the emphasis on the music instead of the food , consider Wilbert 's :
http://www.wilbertsmusic.com /
http://www.yelp.com/biz/wilberts-bar-and-grille-cleveland
And , of course , there 's the House of Blues .
If you dine at any of the East 4th St. restaurants , you could check out the entertainment venues there afterwards .
http://www.east4thstreet.com/dining
Have fun !
Tequila Ranch 1229 W 6th St Hooters Where can I get a good corn beef sandwich in Taylor , Mi ?
There used to be a Schlotzsky 's but they close a few years ago .
The closest that I can think of is this one in Dearborn .
Mati 's Deli 1842 Monroe Street Dearborn , MI 48124 ( 313 ) 277 - 3253 Try the Airport Wheat and Rye in Romulus .
Do n't think there are any in Taylor , but Romulus is right next door .
Arby 's ?
Can we start up Banjarmasin again ?
Sounds good to me .
I 'm heading to BFC right now .
I tried to a couple weeks ago , but no one else joined in .
Oh Ya !
AGAIN :
These glitches are getting bad ! ?
ANSWERS are disappearing from questions !
I had a question with three answers , and when I went back to it a minute later , there was only one .
Also , in my contact feed , it says my contacts are answering questions , but when I take a look their answers are n't there !
UGGGGHHH this happening to anyone else ?
I know !
It seems like they 're getting worst everyday !
> : ( Yes ...
My answers keep getting reported ...
...
O.o people take cover she is going to blow up Where is the cng filling pump between surat to anand ?
HUH ?
the category is DINING OUT ... not buying gas / petrol .
Grolsch lager comes from what country ?
Is there a nice coffee shop that 's open late or 24hours in Portland or near ?
Search Yahoo `` Best coffee shops Portland '' Yeah think so Where did Hoy Heng 's restaurant in Footscray move to ?
This chinese shop used to be in Barkly street Footscray , VIC , Australia and it closed down a few years ago but I 'm wondering where the owner opened up another shop ? ?
I think the couple retired and returned to Taiwan , they did n't open up another place in Melbourne .
Any Dance Bars in Hyderabad ?
any dance bars or service bars in hyderabad ?
i also want to know Where can I buy a carbon rod in Taupo , New Zealand ?
Carbonfiretube : http://www.carbonfibretube.co.nz / guy holding a cup of coffee graffiti at melbourne CBD ?
has anyone in melbourne CBD ever seen a graffiti of a guy who is holding a cup of coffee ?
i believe it might be at bourke st or little bourke st. . .
ARE YOU JAMIE DAGNELL ? ?
: ) hmm I do n't think I have ... and I 'm always in the city .
how to be at mahamaya balika intercollege noida sec 44 ?
You did n't mentioned where from you are coming.Anyway i 'm giving general direction.You have to reach Sector 37 crossing Noida.The Metro Station is Botanical Garden.From there take any bus towards expressway .
( You will find a lot of them shouting xpressway - parichowk even some of them try to drag you ) .
Or you can take an auto from there.Its about 10 - 12 mins from Sector 37 Crossing .
how do italians dress that does not look american ?
how do italians dress that does not look like what americans wear Like this : http://www.justfoodnow.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/Venice-carnival-king-and-queen.jpg Italians have a simple style sense .
Clothes are often form - fitting with simple lines .
Shoes often make a statement - strappy , decorated .
Italians always were belts , be it with low rise jeans or dresses .
Less is more with the Italians .
Where can i get room for 3 hours in mumbai , which 's rent shud b around 400rs . ?
I wan na stay their only for 3 hour , so plz give me contact info of concerned person / hotel / lodge .
( the room shud b in mumbai ) hi rahul u can live as paying guest How much is Ihop sales tax New Orleans ?
I want to do the $ 4.99 unlimited pancakes this weekend Disgusting .
This is new orleans normal people do not go to ihop .
What are perfect squares and perfect cubes ?
i need to memorize perfect squares 1 - 15 and perfect cubes 1 - 15 , what r they ?
I think its simply any square that its square root is a whole number .
e.g. 9 because 3 x 3 = 9 , 3 is a whole number and is the square root of 9 .
you could use a site like this to memorize them .
http://quizlet.com/19614/perfect-squares-1-25-flash-cards /
also a flash program like mnemosyne or anki can be used for memorizing data .
you could easily write them out after calculating them on a calculator .
You are in the dining category How to reach gurgaon ( iffco chowk ) from hazrat nizammudin ?
even mg road also okay Take an auto from Hazrat nizamuddin to INA metro station.The fare can be anything between Rs60 - 80 .
From there take metro to iffco chowk .
If you want to travel by bus , then there are two buses from Nizamuddin to Mehrauli .
DTC bus route from Nizamuddin to Mehrauli are number 413 and 427.From mehrauli you can get cab to iffco chowk .
If you ask me i would prefer the metro.Its convinient and time saving .
Go by Metro.It will take less time .
You may take Metro .
gumbo recipes ... .
: ) ?
or can u list some of the things u love in your gumbo : ) thanks !
Depending on your meat .
My favorite was duck and okra with Andouille Sausage .
You can use chicken , seafood .
gumbo pages website had the best recipes for anything cajun you want !
http://www.gumbopages.com/food/soups/index.html There are some great ideas here : http://allrecipes.com/Recipes/holidays-and-events/events-and-gatherings/mardi-gras/gumbo/main.aspx where to get the best Gelato in Phoenix , AZ Arizona ?
I love Gelato , where is the best place to get Gelato in Phoenix ?
I tried a couple of those gelato places around here and was not impressed , I went to one in the mall yesterday and it was terrible : ( I want some real Gelato , like the kind I had on my trip to Italy last year . Frost gelato in Gilbert . THE BEST GELATO ! ! ! Late night places to eat in Indianapolis ? Going to a show at Emerson Theater this week & I 've never been in that particular area . I 'm not sure what time it 'll end , but what are some late night places to eat nearby ? Preferably sit - down . I 'm of legal drinking age , but my friend is n't so I need somewhere she can get in too .
Thanks for any help There 's a Denny 's at 7101 Pendleton Pike - open all night .
About five or six miles from the Emerson .
Let your fingers do the walking in the Yellow Pages .
Have a good time .
which is the best dancing school in hyderabad ?
Best Dancing School n hyderabad .
You can choose b / w these :
1 ) Steps - Studio for Danz ( Banjara Hills ) 2 ) SKN Kalakshetram ( Vanasthalipuram ) 3 ) Sparks academy of dance ( near NIIMS hospital , Zore Complex ) how to get some school girls as a girl friend from bangalore ?
Take admission in the school where pretty girls study and you can be search there ...
How to get some school girl as a girl friend ?
Is it right ?
Good luck !
My date of birth is 19th may 1974 at 7.58 am place mumbai Hubby is 14th May 1976 at 9.20pm mumbai Pls reply ?
I am desperate to get pregnant i am 37 yrs old please reply what u need i am not ind u r nd of kundli or sumthing else What are some of the best family restaurant type restaurants in this city ?
http://www.bestday.com/Durango/Restaurants
http://www.lonelyplanet.com/mexico/...mexico/durango/restaurants
:-) \ \ / / The best advice I can offer you is this .
Come visit our GREAT city and decide for yourself !
Have a great time .
What is a nice restaurant around this cities main tourists attractions ?
http://www.bestday.com/Durango/Restaurants
:-) \ \ / / Subway or McDonalds ?
Which do you prefer ?
Subway , but the only one I know of here in Italy is in Rome and if I 'm there neither McDonald 's nor Subway would be my choice of a place to eat .
Subway for a healthy choice of diet of course .
The only food I like from McDonalds is the McChicken and Angus Burger that is it .
Very hard decisions I would say micky D 's because I just love the burger and fries and subway is a healthier food # undecided where is 3 chairs restaurant at hyderabad ?
:-/ ? ? ?
Romantic Resteraunt In Dublin City Centre ?
im planning on taking this girl im seeing to dinner in dublin city centre for her birthday , but i am ridiculously tight , anyone know where you could get dinner for 2 for less than 40 euro , but not a shithole ?
thanks tryin to rub it in buddy just because my girlfriend left me yesterday ...
raah raah like a dungeon dragon
also dont eat just take her to a pub and get drunk it will be fun Haggis Is Us I NEED A RESTAURANT THAT MEETS THESE QUALIFICATIONS ! ! ?
Im going on a semi-formal date on wednesday .
I need one that will best meet these qualifications :
Attire : semi-formal Price range : $ $ 10 - 30 per person Waiter service :
Yes Good for :
Lunch , Dinner Noise Level :
Average Ambiance : casual City :
Sacramento , California * It can not be `` The Cheesecake Factory '' or `` Olive Garden '' * I would prefer that it not be some no - name resturaunt tucked away in the corner of some alley ... a chain would be nice .
Like a resturaunt that operates in several different cities and states .
BUT i will make exceptions .
* My date is on wednesday so please please please help me out here !
Outback Steak House Red Lobster Ruby Tuesdays TGI Fridays OK , so look at Yelp .
http://www.yelp.com/search?find_loc=Sacramento%2C+CA&cflt=restaurants#attrs=RestaurantsPriceRange2.4 http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=AiqrIaMADzvAXZ4g69fcnw6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurant&ambiancefilt=Elegant&csz=Sacramento%2C+CA&sortby=topresults
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=AiqrIaMADzvAXZ4g69fcnw6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurant&ambiancefilt=Casual&csz=Sacramento%2C+CA&sortby=topresults Why there is a website that refuse to accept my email address ?
Why there is a website that refuse to accept my email address ?
there is a website that refuse to accept my email address
i had no problems using the same email address on many websites
in the same format , therefore it is not a typo error or format error
emailaddress@yahoo.com
emailaddress@hotmail.com
but this website keep telling me the email address i type in is invalid
why ?
why ?
what have i done wrong ?
Maybe you already have an account with that same email address .
Bice coconut grove fl ?
Where The zip code is 33133 .
Type the zip code and Bice in Google .
Bice is located at 3015 GRAND AVE SUITE 120 , Miami , FL 33133 .
Hope this helps .
What to do in Ft lauderdale at night ?
I want to spend time with someone but all I can think of right now is The Hardrock Hotel and I 'm not into clubs .
What are things that are open at night till 1 am or so First of all there 's no bonfires allowed !
Almost all the bars and clubs are open to at least 2am on the weekends.Many till 4 .
Walk around the west Las Olas / citiwalk - Riverwalk area - lots of music and bars.thousands of people !
Same thing on the beach just north of Las Olas .
A big complex is Beach Place also music and clubs / bars it 's 2 blocks north of Las Olas on A1A .
Have fun !
Have a bonfire on a beach Do n't forget the S'mores I would say the hardrock hotel and casino is your best option , really the only great thing to do in Ft. Lauderdale .
Also the drive - in Movie theater in Sunrise , FL , is another option , you 'll have a good time listening to a movie from your car with someone special or with a friend , a great thing to do at night .
Hope this helps .
Oh my gosh there 's a mcrib ! ?
Is it going to stay on the menu ! ?
It will be in most stores nation wide for the next 5 weeks .
Nope It only stays for a while thEn it 's gon na leave again Yes , there are lots of exciting new McDonalds products based around infant care .
The McCrib is just one of them .
My 13th birthday is on Friday and I still do n't know what i 'm going to do ! ?
Something I could do on Friday night or Saturday ?
Manhunt outside with no lights , Anything outside where you can be loud and goof off .
Take a bunch of pictures at the mall , Blast music , watch scary movies , play pranks on each other , makeup , nails , hair , we barrowed my friends chocolate fountain for one of my parties , campfire making smores , buy a bunch of random groceries and make something strange , make smoothies or sundays , blow up stuff ( diet coke and mentos ) , body paint , go to cvs or something and get a TON of junk food , spegetti food fight , TP someones house , stalk people on facebook .
Hope I helped ! ! !
Go toTGIFridays for dinner good deals especially because its Friday free ice cream because its your birthday a good time by the way Happy Birthday !
Are there any Hookah bars in Denver that do n't card you ?
I 'm 15 and I was wondering if there are any hookah bars In denver that do n't id and if they do can you just look old enough and they will let you in because I 'm about 6 ' 4 and people always confuse me to be a junior Wishful thinking there guy , does n't matter how old you look , they are still going to id you if you look younger than 30 .
Looks like you will be waiting a couple more years .
Anybody knows a good psychic who can take off a curse in miami area ?
There is no such thing as a `` curse '' .
If there was a `` good Psychic '' she or he would know that you need a curse removed and they would have contacted you .
I am not a good psychic but this is free advice see if it works ... .
Take a branch of Rosemary and a large lemon .
Rub the two over a leg of lamb .
While you are doing this voice the curse you have into the lamb .
Rub the curse into the lamb .
Roast until done , about 350 for 1 to 2 hours depending on size of leg and length of curse .
The curse will be cooked out of the meat .
Now you must eat the meat , shared with family and or friends .
You may want to roast some potatoes to go with the meat .
Yes , you got ta be real careful about curses and psychics because there are crooks that will say they 'll fix it and they 'll drain you dry !
Recent local news story .
You might consider a gemstone or earthstone necklace ( by GEMISPHERE ) they 'll tell you which one - I think sodalight or leopardskin jasper would be good and they 're not too pricey .
If you feel a bad energy , you might sing a mantra ( a powerful word ) and this would put protection around you .
The word is HU and it is an ancient , secret name for god .
So sing a long drawn out HUUUUUUUUU with your eyes shut and keep repeating this for say - 20 minutes .
It is THE most powerful mantra .
You have heard of AUM I suspect but this word is much more powerful .
Visualize a blue light of protection all around you , if several people assist it is significantly more powerful .
Many people have wonderful , powerful experiences from this chant.It is uplifting and not for curses but for general spiritual grounding !
May the blessings be !
Free Melbourne chat rooms ?
Does anyone know any good free chat rooms for people ages 18 - 24 ?
Preferably looking to hookup .
IKE chat ... ... .
where would best mutton biryani be found in Dombivli / kalyan ?
1 ) Lazeez Dum biryani , 1104 - Orchid , Regency Estate , Sant Dnyaneshwar Nagar , Dombivali ( E ) , Kalyan , Mumbai , ph.no : -9819197665 2 ) Sitara , Deepak Commercial Centre , Vallipeer Road , Near Railway Station , Kalyan ( W ) , ph.no : -0251 2315977 , 0251 6570882 You can try these.Or else go to thane for better .
London Who ever stole a buffet ?
On a couple of occasions I took the little bottles of preserves on cruise ship buffets .
I loved using them when I returned home .
I do n't know if that is illegal , but it provided wonderful memories .
I did .
I 'm not proud of it , it 's not really who I am .
The shame has devastated me for years , I thought many times of ending it all !
If I could only go back and undo it , I would .
42 Interesting question , as I 'm going to a buffet myself tomorrow !
No , I have never stolen from a buffet , but I once thought of doing so , because it was so delicious and I wanted more , but I was too full so I wanted to take some myself home .
LOL , cheeky me !
xD Where in Phoenix AZ can I buy bugs to eat ?
It 's for my class ...
I would check pet smart .
Crickets for parrots and snakes but they would be alive bugs and not already choclate covered .
You could get live meel worms I think at a bait shop which are a legged insect .
Nymphs etc I think would be there probably in east mesa .
Lady bugs from a home and garden shop since they are natural defends of ecology they probably would have a few more things there than just lady bugs .
You should call the phoenix zoo i bet they would know !
I feel reasonably sure that ANYONE in feenix will sell you their bugs .
I 'd sell you mine in Florida but the freight would make it too expensive although its the insurance that costs the most .
I bet if you bribed a pest control guy you could get all you want - but dont tell them I told you !
-- 42 I 'm going to Downtown Seattle next month , do you know of any unique places to eat or drink ?
I 'm not looking for `` chain '' restaurants or coffee houses , I want to experience the `` real '' Seattle .
Any suggestions ?
The space needle is amazing ! ! !
the floor rotates while your eating .
Another really cool place is the hard rock cafe .
It has a great atmosphere and you can explore Seattle 's rock & roll history .
The Space Needle ! ! !
It 's expensive ( about $ 50 a person ) but you get a lot of food , it 's soooooooooooooooooooooooo good , and you get to enjoy a 360 * view of Seattle from 600 feet in the air while you dine as the restaurant rotates : )
Also , Top Pot doughnuts !
There 's 3 in Seattle and they 're the only 3 that exist lol .
It 's not exactly like lunch food but it 's a GREAT place for a yummy doughnut and a coffee , juice , milk , etc. : ) Pioneer Square is fun and unique .
I also love the Metropolitan Grill for Lunch ( really pricey for dinner ) , and just about anything on the waterfront .
Pike Place Market is fun if you get there in the late afternoon !
Heck , take the Underground Tour and really see the `` real '' Seattle ! !
Best restaurant for turning 21 ?
I am turning 21 soon and I was wondering what or are the best restaurants for turning 21 .
I live in Killeen , Tx and I would like to go Austin for this .
Thank you for the help !
Any restaurant that you can drink at xD By the way , if it ; s not too late , happy birthday !
any bar Order the Grasshopper alcohol drink , kinda minty !
I do n't know Austin : here is a guess :
Outback steakhouse .
Depends what you like !
Is it okay to send it ?
Hi , Ive been knitting beanie for my bestie in New Zealand .
But I wonder now after i read some articles .
Will it be okay to send it there ? ?
= S Can someone please tell me = S Im using natural 8ply yarn btw .
Yup of course .
On a scale of 1 to 10 , how open - minded are you ?
1 being very narrow - minded , and 10 being very open - minded .
...
Gosh , I 'm like a 3 or 4 at best .
WHY does this keep getting reported uggggghhhh !
I like the answer above me very much .
I would say something similar - that I 'm an 8 but I 'm not anybodys fool either : ) It depends what areas people consider `` Open - Minded '' .
From a more political stance , I 'm pretty close - minded , but socially or culturally , I am open to most everything .
I 'd say a 5 or 6 overall .
I would say bout a 7 or 8 , I 'm open to other people 's ideas , thoughts and opinions ( even if I may not agree with it ) but I 'm not so open - minded that that it 's close to being naive and ignorant , I know the difference between reality and fantasy .
Musically , socially and culturally I am pretty open - minded = ) I live in Victoria and was thinking about taking the Clipper to Seattle ; what should i see and do ?
The Seattle underground tour is awesome .
The tour guides are incredibly funny and you learn a lot about the history of Seattle .
It is an interesting experience being beneath the city streets looking at reminents of the Seattle that once was .
The best place to grab a quick snack is Mee Sum Pastry at Pike 's place , every time we head to Seattle we always stop and get some of their amazing hom bao !
Also , it 's always fun to visit the first ever Starbucks just so you can say you 've been : ) .
The Space Needle , Pike Place Market , the Gasworks ... there are many things to see in the Evergreen City .
As said , The Space Needle and Pike 's Place Market must be visited .
Also , take a day to visit the Science center .
It 's a blast and is great for kids if you are with any .
The Old Spaghetti Factory down by the dock is an absolute must !
It 's gorgeous and delicious !
Seattle Pacific University is also beautiful and they have a stunning library if you 're into books .
Enjoy it , and bring a rain coat .
: ) Where is Fre ( n ) sh now ?
This little cosy cafe used to be at VivoCity and closed down .
Is it open somewhere else now ?
Anyone knows the new address and opening time ?
I miss their desserts !
Merci beaucoup ! ! ! !
Singapore ...
Sorry - out of business COST OF IUI ICSI IVF IN LILAVATI HOSPITAL , MUMBAI ?
WHAT IS SUCCESS RATE IN THERA ?
IN LILAVATI HOSPITAL , MUMBAI , it costs approx. 20000 - 22000 inr .
success rate is not guaranteed but have n't unsuccessful till 2011 i.e successful rate is 96.33 % well dont knw about the rest but ivf is 10 - 12 thousand at least in ohio im doing my first cycle now and my doctor told me being my tubes are just blocked he was def. getting me pregnant and even though they say they success rate 400f the 10 ppl in my group under growing IVF only one failed and she did get pregnant just lost it but also this doc. is one of the best a yale graduate and everyone walksaway happy if ur in ohio look him up dr shamma in sylania Does anybody know anything about B2U Ltd or Marc Reeves or Peter Turner or Catherine Bouchet ?
B2U Ltd / Marc Reeves / Peter Turner / Catherine Bouchet Marc reeves lives at cliffdene cottages Isle of Wight , and Le bourg Langourla Cotes D Armour France and the same address as Catherine Bouchet while Peter Turner 62 Ascot Drive Tamworth and Catherine Bouchet 21 rue de la palestine Rennes France .
Reeves is on police bail being investigated for taking money ( hundreds of thousands ) from atleast 26 victims , while turner has been questioned for money laundering and Bouchet denies being involved with reeves but still directs a business with him .
Does any body need help with information or can help us contact gleighfield@yahoo.co.uk
Telephone 07594577808 i have my 18th birthday on 5th nov so pls suggest places in pune , india to celebrate . . ?
i want food with some dance arrangements for around 15 ppl ! ! !
U have many options dear ... - One lounge - Atlantis ( wanowrie ) - Stone water grill - ZK 's ( Gera junction ) - Leather Lounge What is a great restaurant to get the feel for the local scene in this city ?
Try the Juan Matos .
It 's an excellent place .
What is a local tourist Attraction in this city that has a decent restaurant nearby , what that eatery called ?
I applaud you for asking about our great city !
Place visit and bring a lot of people .
Mexican food is a delight to behold , enjoy !
What are some of the best clubs in this city ?
What kinds of food are available there ?
Cancun is a GREAT city to visit ! !
Wow do I love those beach front hotels .
They have absolutely excellent places to dine !
Which city ?
I like the bob What is a Mexican specialty that is served at a great restaurant in this city ?
I would say try Tamales
or some truly spectacular enchiladas What 's your favorite place to eat in the Denver area ?
I 'm relatively new to the area and needs some tips .
Thanks !
John 3:16 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son , that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life .
The nearer the Belcaro area , the better !
It really depends on what kind of food you like .
Some of my favorites in that neighborhood are Damascus , House of Kabobs , Little Anita 's , Poppies and East Side Kosher Deli i like dallas texas , well tim , dallas is better i like dallas texas ... because of barbecue ribs mmmmmmmmmmmm ribs !
Hi , I think it Dallas .
Would anyone mind if I changed my username ?
I really do n't like it anymore - I have n't for a while .
But I 'm afraid to change it , because it 's the name everyone here knows me by .
What do you think ?
I 'm good with it .
Just , dont you ever change .
WHO IN THE F * * * KNOWS YOU ?
I DO N'T .
Sure , but Darkie will be missed .
Darkie Darkie ! !
Your my hero lol .
Good , affordable sushi places in downtown San Diego ?
My friends are planning a little dinner at a sushi restaurant in downtown SD , or near the general area .
Any suggestions on `` cheap '' sushi ?
Not too fancy atmosphere , something casual .
And Sushi Deli in SD is not really an option for us because they do n't take reservations .
Cheap + Sushi are not words that often make great partners , but there are some exceptions
Goody 's Sushi , 340 W 26th St , National City http://goodys.webege.com / Azuki Sushi , 2321 5th Ave http://www.azukisushi.com / Riki , 3930 30th St , North Park http://yelp.com/biz/riki-sushi-san-diego-2 Ebisu Sushi Bar , 3765 6th Ave , Hillcrest http://www.ebisusushisd.com / Can a pasta machine be used to roll out cookie dough ?
I am looking for a way to evenly roll out dough for sugar cookies without spending the kind of money a dough sheeter costs .
I was wondering if a pasta machine would do the trick .
yes , pasta machine be used to roll out cookie dough , but you have to be very careful with the dough , I 've tried a few times and it worked well with me .
it depends on the machine What should I do for my 15 bday in two weeks ?
I do n't wan na have a party I just wan na go somewhere wit my friends nnd have fun , on the weekend for my birthday !
... tell your friends you wan na hang out on your birthday ?
ha ha a special birthday dinner , somewhere nice but you like it .
go to the mall ?
a movie ?
chuck e. cheeses ?
oh and do n't forget to take pictures to show off on facebook .
happy birthday !
Hi , you could go to a chines steakhouse ?
there good .
Kings Island has weekend Halloween stuff going on .
Cincinnati Zoo .
How to make a custom link on my tumblr to go to pictures of me ?
I go to peoples tumblr pages and where it says HOME ARCHIVE ASK they have a custom one that says ME or something and it goes to all pictures of themselves .
How do you do that ?
look it up on google thats where i found it : ) Go to Customize , then theme then press CTRL + F and type in `` / ask '' this way , you can find where the links in your navigation is .
when you see the / home , / archive , etc , underneath write in `` a href = '' / tagged / me `` > ME make sure when you post pictures of yourself , you tag them with '' me `` . .
and your good to go !
any must eat places in bangalore ?
the only place on cruch street . .
get burger pasta n all place is flooded . .
take appointment n goo worth eevrythng Yes , Mawali Tiffin Room ( MTR ) original restaurant in Lal Bagh , Bangalore .
Place is simple , south indian food is authentic , coffee is good and overall a feeling that MTR brand was born out of this place .
A good place to go after a round of Lal Bagh , botanical garden or for morning breakfast .
Vidyarti Bhavan Gandhi bazaar and Mavalli tiffin Room near Lal bagh etc. ... .
Where in Canberra , you can find the best fried chicken ?
Like which restaurant sells the best one in your opinion ?
i do n't know babeh , i live in Tassie .
But I like fried chicken and no one else is answering your question so i thought I would .
hhahahahahaa XXXXXXX where i can get best treatment for slipped disc in delhi ?
AIIMS Where are some wine bars near Los Gatos California ?
There 's a bunch right in the same area .
Cin - Cin Wine Bar ( village ln ) , Wine Cellar ( university ave ) , Enoteca La Storia ( santa cruz ave ) , Los Gatos Gourmet ( main st ) which dhabha is good between these two gulshan dhabha or sukhdev dhabha in murthal ?
what food items these two have quality hygiene and most important i do n't like spicy food so also keep that in mind .
Ahem ! !
the question `` by the way '' did not have Chandigarh written anywhere !
Why would anyone answer like that ? ?
Anyway . .
while on my way to Punjab tour , I had definitely stopped at Murthal for some food and definitely Gulshan Dhaba is better ...
Where the hell is murthal in Chandigarh ! !
Sorry apko koi galat femi hai ... !
What is the best italian restaurant in KL right now ?
Thnx ?
Italliannes , Gardens the shopping mall Is Kell 's Pub in Portland a 21 and over establishment ?
Sometimes restaurants serve alcohol but are not 21 + .
I 'm 19 and I want to go to a skeptic 's meetup at Kell 's but I 'm not sure I 'd be able to .
Thanks .
They might be for late night events , but not always .
There is a kids menu on the website .
turning 21 , do I need horizontal ID ?
I turn 21 on Sunday and was wondering if I have to go get a new ID card ( that horizontal ) before being able to go out to bars ?
If so , am I able to go into the DOL and get it the day before even though i 'm not technically 21 yet .
I live in Washington State If you 're 21 and your license proves it , you wo n't need a new ID card .
UNLESS it expires on your birthday .
If it does , you 'll need to go and get a new license before , to which you 'll be given a Temporary card and the old one will be punched ( you 'll need to show both to prove it 's validity ) .
The new one will be the Over 21 card and will come in 2 - 3 weeks .
You shouldnt have to as long as its not expired ... well then again i just looked at my ID and it expires On my 21st birthday . .
ur ID . .
I looked it up and you cant
Can I get a new license with the horizontal format if I renew my license before my 21st birthday ?
No , you must be 21 years old to get a driver license with the standard horizontal format .
Check out the SIte below : ) ... ... ... . .
Hope i helped Places to eat Seafood in Boston ?
I know what you 're thinking .
You 're going to say `` everywhere ! ''
Can you name me a really great , specific restaurant to eat ?
Price does n't matter .
Legal Harborside on Liberty Wharf is Legal Seafood 's newest location and has received high praise .
I think it was named one of the best new restaurants in the nation this year .
Yes , I agree .
Any Legal Seafood restaurant in Boston is a sure bet for the freshest seafood .
The Liberty Wharf location is nice , as is the Long Wharf location .
If you like clams casino and it 's not offered on the menu , request it .
If the chef is n't too busy , he / she will make them for you ...
Some of the best clams casino I 've ever had !
how to have sleep paralysis ?
just like it cause its cool .
do u guys know how ?
Yeah I get sleep paralysis all the time , I do n't know exactly how to get it , but I do .
You just need to think of something that gives you nerves or goosebumps and it 'll happen .
I very often get that but I am not sure how to get it . .
With frequent research I found out that sleep paralysis can occur due to many things , but even if I tell you , it needs to be practiced to make it happen someday by chance .
Its creepy but as you wanted :
1 ) you can sleep with your right hand over your heart 2 ) you can cross your legs and hand while sleeping 3 ) wear a scarf while sleeping 4 ) sleep on one side and have a pillow kept at the back and front 5 ) sleep in a C position with your hands crossed at the chest
Not sure but you can try . .
All the best Trust me you do n't want to experience it .
It is a spiritual attack so if you try and have it you are opening yourself up to demonic attack .
Many people experience it because they open themselves up to it from a variety of ways .
Top Ten Causes are :
1 .
) The most common causes of sleep paralysis we have dealt with is people that have in some way been involved with various levels , even very light level occult practices .
Things such as Ouiji boards , tarot cards , most types of meditation , spirit channeling , even obsessive research about the occult and / or UFO 's can be an open doorway for some people .
Generally , the deeper the person goes into the occult the more â € œdoorsâ € they open , and the more authority the demons gain over them , which can lead to severe physical attacks and even abductions in some cases .
It is important to realize that the demons gain more authority over you the deeper you go , the more you `` embrace '' the experience .
That is , they have a keen interest in a person becoming more active in the occult .
2 .
) Another cause is some form of a generational `` doorway '' that has been opened for the person , usually by a parent or grandparent .
Most often when a grandfather had been involved in high level Masonic rituals .
This can also happen if parents or grandparents were involved in the occult on some level .
This is usually the issue with people who have had sleep paralysis since they were very young .
3 .
) Another , rarer possibility is that there is a highly demonized object in the room .
This can be crystals , books , or statues .
Really just about anything can be demonized , even if the person attaching the demonic presence thinks they are only attaching `` energy '' or something else .
As I said it is more rare , but still is possible .
Deut .
7:25 - 26 , Joshua 7:1 , 1 Corinthians 10:20 - 21 , Deuteronomy 32:17 , Leviticus 17:7
4 .
) Severe anger can also be a cause .
Ephesians 4:26 says :
In your anger do not sin , Do not let the sun go down while you are still angry , and do not give the devil a foothold .
5 .
) If a significant other or spouse has some level of demonic possession , sexual intercourse can transfer sleep paralysis from one person to another .
6 .
) People have reported that watching horror movies to an extreme extent can lead to SP.
7 .
) There have been reports that sexual immorality has lead to sleep paralysis
8 .
) There are very rare cases where , usually Satanists , either in a group or by themselves , have reported using astral travel to enter into the room of certain people at night ( usually for sexual purposes . )
This can cause similar symptoms of sleep paralysis but usually this should be obvious that it is a human , and not just an evil spirit pretending to be a human .
9 .
) Drugs of many types can cause sleep paralysis .
Especially the harder types .
10 .
) It seems that certain people have different `` thresholds '' as to when they get , or how severe sleep paralysis is for them when they get it .
For example , almost everyone that participates in severe occult practices experience it , but there are some people who only need to read about occult practices or UFO 's or some other thing before it begins with them .
The same is true with certain types of immorality it seems that it is more about the persons heart rather than the severity of the offense .
Looking for a nice and affordable resturant in Phoenix Arizona ?
Hello !
I need some help trying to find a restaurant that maybe has a private room at no charge for a little reception dinner .
Me and my fiance are doing a court wedding but would like to have a reception dinner for family to come and celebrate with us that evening .
Please help out if you are from phoenix and have a pretty good idea on something like this ... thanks !
Hmmm ...
Thats tough .
Almost every place I can think of would have some sort of cover charge for the usage of a private room .
I do n't know where you live but I know of a great place in Gilbert that is very small called Euro Cafe .
it does not have a private room but it does have a great family atmosphere .
I would check with The Grill at the TPC .
They have a back room that is never booked .
Talk with the Restaurant and see if you could use that room for your event .
if these options do n't work .
Look for smaller style restaurants that would love the business weather you are paying for a private room or not .
Going to main stream restaurants you are guarenteed to get charged a room fee .
Where to find green tomatoes in Phoenix / Glendale ?
I am addicted to baked green tomatoes but it is impossible to find them .
I have found them at a nearby farmers market for $ 3/lb which is way expensive !
They are just unripened tomatoes yet that person was charging a heck of a lot more than the ripened tomatoes ?
Anyway I ca n't find them anywhere !
Where should I start ?
Phoenix is a difficult market for Green Tomatoes .
The first place I would go would be AJ 's .
If they do n't have them in but can get them they will .
They are not 3 dollars a pound .
I do n't exactly know their pricing .
Second place would be more specialty places like Henrys or Sunfresh Market ...
These places usually carry these types of items .
They are a little more expensive than AJ 's .
Finally , go to the really small markets on the outskirts of Phoenix ... example in Queen Creek or in Maricopa ... there are many great small markets that may have them ...
I have even found them in a small market in Guadalupe .
These should be the first place you look because they are the cheapest but the hardest to get too .
The best time to purchase Green Tomatoes is late Spring and Summer .
Green Tomatoes are now out of season .
It will be very difficult to find them now .
I know my local frys carries them when they are in season .
( it usually lasts for a week or two . )
Good Luck Look at this article that describes the Phoenix Public Market :
http://www.wranglernews.com/elan.htm What is the altitude of Buenos Aires ?
It has to be pretty close to sea level .
The elevation is between 0 and 35 meter depending on location .
See http://www.altitude.nu/index.jsp?id=87 number of british invoved in the boston tea party ?
Technically , they were all British subjects at that time !
Maybe there is some account by someone who was there but I suspect it 's lost in time !
NO TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION ! !
-- 42 There were no British officials involved in the Tea Party but there were over 100 colonists involved .
You can find a list of names here : http://www.boston-tea-party.org/participants/participants.html Should I go on Callums tumblr for a cheap thrill real quick ?
I leave work in 15 mins so I need to be quick LOL
Theres guys on there doing the lady ;
P He only has women on there MM ; ) Soft porn at it 's finest ?
It 's not as dirty lately D :
Someone I know in real life follows me on there and she said I have LOADS of sex pictures : ( Contacts : Do y'all still know who I am ? I changed my username , so you 'd better get used to it ! Yes - but forgive me if I continue to think of you as DH for now . Oh wait you already knew that right ! ; ) you 're a pretty girl with a chip on her shoulder Yes .
You were DarkHorizon !
:
P How is it like working in boston market ?
I need to know because I got hired , I want all detail , I already know what the website says , I want to know from the opinion from a current worker , I wan na know how they pay & how receive the money too ...
You have to know how to talk New England English .
Most people can pick it up , it 's not hard to learn .
The language is congenial and faithful and earthy .
People expect good things to happen because it 's New England .
When you serve a drink there you are pleased and so is your customer .
best bars in melbourne ?
urgent ! ?
so my birthday is tomorrow and just realized i do n't know what to do or where to go .
i do n't want a big night out , just a few drinks with the boyfriend after dinner .
was thinking something a little off mainstream or maybe a bit arty .
would still like to have a dance though .
this is the first time i 've been out since turning 18 3 years ago as i 've had kids and have either been pregnant or breast feeding on my past birthdays .
really looking forward to a good night .
please help !
Melbourne , Australia .
i assumed clicking on the yahoo australia page would cover that
Try this website .
It 's a directory of bars and pubs in Melbourne .
http://www.melbournepubs.com / .
Also @ Nilemel it says as plain as day what country Melbourne is in .
If you bothered to pay attention you would have seen it .
... i ca n't answer your question because you did n't specify which country melbourne is in ...
I want to buy cloths in cheep rate in mumbai ?
Verry cheep rate Try Fashion street or Linking road - Khar , Bandra .
Fashion street will be nice to get try to search opposite to Crawford market and in one of bylanes .
Sangria for large group on a Thursday night in Sydney ?
Where is a cheap place to get jugs of Sangria on a Thursday night for a large group of people ( 10 - 15 ) ? ?
Cucina 105 in Liverpool Its out of the city but they have great Sangria and best food !
Sangria in Sydney on thursday night ?
Where can i get relatively cheap Sangria on a Thursday night in Sydney thats able to accommodate a group of 10 - 15 people ?
If your house is big enough do some yourself and invite people over how to find sport funding ?
fast funding for my team Ask your question in the right section maybe ?
Why McDonald coke float is not available in Mumbai ?
Whats the issue ?
I visit the popular restaurant outlets regularly .
Lately I have realised that although coke float is still on McDonalds ' menu , they are not ready to serve it , saying that it 's not available .
I asked a staff about it and he said that there 's some case ( as in court case ) going about it .
I am just curious to know whats the issue ... .
Anyone have the recipe for tapioca pudding by Fargo 's Pizza in Colorado Springs ?
i have tried the instant and boxed stuff .
none of it is good .
any one have the fargos recipe for tapioca pudding ?
or a good one ?
please dont post a google recipe ... i would like something you have tried and like if you can not give the fargos recipe .
thank you !
used to make , are chewy from all the egg yolks required by the recipe .
If it 's available , try the coconut tapioca pudding , garnished with banana fritters .
http://www.slicingpsdtohtml.com/psd-to-wordpress / The very best tapioca pudding I have tasted comes in a carton made by Kosy Shack .
I have n't found anything better .
It 's in the refrigerator case at King Soopers or Safeway .
I admit it have never tasted the pudding at Fargo 's Pizza , I have never even heard of them .
I ca n't compare the two but give the Kizy Shack a try .
http://www.kozyshack.com / Mmmm , ditto on the kozy shack .
Comes in little refrigerated pudding cups .
Give it a try !
Where can i get endura mass in hyderabad ?
Where i can get endura mass in hyderabad pls tell me exact place its available at all leading medical stores .
dude , british nutrients - xtra mass !
its much much better !
buy online !
Endura Mass is a nutritional supplement used to gain and maintain weight .
It is available in all leading medical stores in Hyderabad .
For details you can contact on phone numbers 011 - 25943634 , 25943739 and cell number 9313717089 .
how do you make pancakes ?
1 egg 1 cup of flour 1 cup of milk 1 pinch of salt 1 pan
1 - mix the ingredient together 2 - put a pan over medium - high heat 3 - put some oil or butter in the hot pan 4 - let melt 5 - poor some batter 6 - flip over when its brown underneath 7 - cook the other side Make yourself a batter mix !
Flour , water , milk and maybe butter !
Then fry it .
Made them this morning !
MMMMM .
Look at these recipes below .
The pancakes with lemon sugar is the best and easiest recipe .
where is a good place to get brunch ?
... i want brunch
( in canberra ) In Chicago we have small - time newspapers who list all of the restaurants in the district .
Does Canberra have those ?
They will tell you what the specialty dish is .
A nice brunch spot has lamb .
Go to civic they have heaps of cafes u can have brunch at ...
I personally like the `` coffee club '' Does this situation warrant forging my mom 's signature ?
I am 14 and a freshman in high school in Texas .
I am ( for context , not to brag ) a good kid -- never in trouble , on the honor roll , a class officer , play soccer , homecoming court etc etc. One of my best friends was really struggling with math , so this Wednesday , the last day before Fall break , I helped her cheat on a exam .
I have never done anything like this before , and feel quite bad about it .
I also should be clear that I , myself , did not cheat ( I helped her cheat ) .
But I know that that is wrong too .
We got caught and both got 0 ' s on the test .
My teacher also sent me home with a corporal punishment consent form .
My mom is NOT a super traditional , conservative parent ... . .
BUT she is really really big on supporting the school , and has always been clear that if I ever were to get in trouble and I knew the rules ahead of time , I would have noone but myself to blame and she would back the school up .
Rather or not ya 'll agree with her ( beside the point ) I know she will / would sign the form .
Meanwhile , I TRULY already feel bad for what I did , and I really really really do n't want to be paddled ( I 'm a total wimp about pain and have never been in big trouble at school ) .
I start back to school on Monday .
What I 'm asking is , would it be HORRIBLE of me to sign her name to the form ( checking no instead of yes ) , take my two detentions instead of the paddling , learn my lesson , and move on ?
If I was a bad kid who gets in trouble I 'd say that the consequences I knew about based on school rules of cheating need to happen , but I 've never even had detention --
I already feel bad about what I did .
So what is the point of being embarrased and ( more importantly ) getting a paddling ?
I do n't feel like the situation warrants forging her signature .
In all likelihood , your mother will check `` no '' on the form anyway .
As a parent , I spank my children at home when they 're REALLY asking for it .
This amounts to a simple swat , and happens once a year at the most .
I would NEVER let a stranger administer a spanking , let alone with a paddle .
I have to wonder about the character of a person that would even be willing to perform such an act .
This should be a simple thing for you and your mother to sort out together .
Here 's how I would pitch your plea :
If a spanking ( or other coporal punishment ) is really going to teach the lesson better than another form of punishment , she should be the one to administer it , as she can judge for herself the method and severity of the punishment .
In the likely event that she agrees that the lesson could be taught equally well using a non-violent form of punishment , the school will handle that , and she is welcome to add her own terms if she feels the school 's punishment is insufficient .
Spanking is not only violent and inflicts pain , it is a retributive form of punishment : it teaches children that violence IS warranted when you are wronged by somebody .
In this case , the school is demonstrating that it 's even an acceptable first resort -- probably not the lesson your mom wants you to learn .
I could understand corporal punishment if you had physically harmed someone else .
Sort of a `` see how it feels '' type of situation .
Not for this , though .
I 'll point out that there 's an issue that might make you less - than - objective about this situation :
If you forge your mom 's signature , she presumably is n't going to find out about the cheating at all .
This would not only save you from getting paddled , but would save you from any type of grounding or at - home punishment that may await you .
In my opinion , this would be equivalent to cheating all over again , and would be a clear indictment that you have learned nothing from the ordeal .
That 's your call to make of course , but I think the better person would come forward and admit her misdeed .
For what it 's worth , I 'm glad that you seem to be headed in the right direction , both with your morals and with your education .
You 're way ahead of 900f the kids your age , and it 's going to help you out a lot later in life .
I do n't think you should forge the signature .
If you are feeling guilty about having helped your friend in the first place it will be nothing compared to how guilty you will feel if you were to help your friend cheat and then forge your mothers signature .
I personally was in a situation similar to this recently .
My best friend got into trouble , I had n't been a part of it directly but I had helped out .
I was n't too keen on telling my parents , but I did and I 'm glad because it 's over and done with now , and if I had n't told them they probably would have found out some other way and I would have been in even more trouble .
You are already in trouble .
Forging her signature would double your trouble .
Remember , the school can compare your handwriting on your tests , etc with the forged signature .
It does not take a handwriting forensic analyst to figure out that it is a forgery .
Thinking that forging a signature and getting away with it is the same though process that criminals have .
If they away with it once , they can get away with it again and again and again until they are caught .
Your friend used you to cheat .
You gained no benefit from helping that person .
And neither did that person gain a benefit from cheating .
Let your mother see the note and take your punishment .
Anybody got some like ... .
butt putty or liquid cork ?
I bougth about a dozen green apples last night down to Abner 's Buy ' n Go market on Crabbleabpple lane and ate em while i was watchin the Cardinals 's game ... .
hit me about the 7th inning ... . .
and i got the diahrrea like fierce like ... ... .
need some kaopectate er sumthin ... . .
I got about halfway down to the store and ruint my brand new sheepskin seat covers ... .
the kind witht eh little wooden balls i got down to the Pap Boys ... ... so I need Abner to reimburse me $ 39.99 for the seat covers and $ 12.30 for a bottle of heavy duty butt putty Herman recommended ... .
says he UPS 'd it right out Try a cucumber !
What is HandBall ... ... ... ... ?
a sport where your hand ends up on the ball very often and is addictive it 's a holy sport !
What is the traders addresses for textile chemicals in surat and gujarat region ?
in textile auxiliaries chemicals and also dealer of phenyle .
you can get classified ads site or in search site Does anyone know of a good custom window treatment service in Indianapolis ?
http://indydecor.com / I understand why you put it here cause people in Indy will answer .
My sister said this is one of the best in area .
Does anyone know why this is posted in the DINING OUT category ?
Cause , you know ... dining out - window treatments .
Soooooooooo related !
What is the difference between the words semen , seamen and see men ?
semen - sperm seaman - men at sea / fishermen see men - as in u see them .
what is ur favourite food items ?
Mango Cheese and sausage PASTA !
help plz ... the ball is tuck on the celling ?
so my brother got the sticky ball , where you put it on a solid surface and it will stick .
he told me to through it on the celling and it wont come down .
any ideas ?
get your parent 's shotgun and aim for it !
Get something long like a broom if the ceiling is too high then just wait patiently for it to come down .
no idea forreal !
I 'm turning 21 next weekend .
Looking for a good bar or club in Miami .
Any suggestions ?
I go to school near Miami , but I 'm new to the area .
Looking for a good place to go .
Willies is a biker bar with attitude , cold beer , and hot BBQ out on Alligator Alley .
They have a loud c&w band coming in Friday night .
I need a bar / restaurant with a private event room for a speaking engagement that will hold at least 40 people ?
I am looking for a new location for my groups seminars ; we need a restaurant or bar that can easily accommodate 40 people with a mini stage or platform for a speaker .
We are currently using Lucky Lab in Multnomah village but they charge too much for their unkempt , uncomfortable space plus their menu is very limited so some of us end up going elsewhere to eat anyway .
The place needs to serve alcohol , a brew pub would be great but the room rental fee needs to be low ( under $ 100 ) or be covered by food / beverage purchases of a similar amount .
If we had more than just pizza to choose from we would spend a lot on food and drinks .
Does anyone have any ideas ?
Locations in Portland or Beaverton would be good .
Just to clarify I mean Portland , Oregon or Beaverton , Oregon :-)
Get you but to red robbon where are 10 places to go eating ?
sonoma chicken coop outback steak house Kim Tar Chillies red robbins apple bees macaroni grill rainforest cafe cheese cake factory pizza box in a house in a car in a car in a house in a house in a car in a house in a house 's car in a car 's house in a house 's car 's house a car 's house 's car in a tree in a bush 5 hotels and 5 house ... lol .
: ) how to reach st.solider sr.sec.public school new palam vihar phase - 2 gurgaon from bijwasen railway station ?
This Q is in wrong - section where to find durians ?
im not sure what place your in but i live in san jose and u can usually get it at Seafood City , Ranch 99 , Lions Plaza and other oriental markets .
I believe you can find them in the southern Philippines http://jackisnotdull.com/2011/06/10/durians-in-singapore / Which one the best GSM service provider in NCR ( Delhi , Gurgaon etc. ) ?
I have been a customer of vadafone of four 11 years ( a long before it is used to be HUTCH and before that ESSAR ) now also using Idea and had used dolphin and airtel
but i think vodafone is far more better in prices and best service and customer satisfaction
also as large mass of customers using vodafone you could easily call to most of the persons at cheaper rates .
In my personal opinion VODAFONE IS BEST
:-) for Delhi no doubt its Vodafone if u want best service ... . .
vodafone service is best Name the legless fighter pilot of ww2 ?
Douglas Bader Douglas Bader - for the RAF Fighter Command flying Hawker Hurricanes and Supermarine Spitfires http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas_Bader
Hans - Ulrich Rudel - flying for the Luftwaffe , mostly Ju - 87 Stukas but also FW - 190s towards the end of WW2 http://ejnoomen.home.xs4all.nl/rudel.html
( there were 1 or 2 more on both sides but I do n't recall their names ) What was the name of inn in Treasure Island ?
Admiral Benbow Is Italian language spoken in Argentina ?
I have just read that many Argentinians are descended from Italian immigrants .
Is Italian language spoken today in Argentina ?
If not why ?
... post your question in `` answer international '' argentina > > > http://ar.answers.yahoo.com/question/ask;_ylt=At4Bnj9mETuohvrgMjkjY6V_zIlQ;_ylv=3
... anyway the official language is spanish , while the italian language spoken there is just a mixture of italian dialects ( so it is spoken but is n't a proper italian ) , because of the 1850 - 1920 immigration that interested the whole country ( italy ) , a country with a high percentage of illiteracy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italian_Argentine Yes , Italian is the 2nd most spoken language in Argentina after Spanish .
More than 1.5M people speak Italian and yes was due to the immigration of Italians to Argentina mainly in the early 20th century , italian has added a bit of a flair .
More or less , the Spanish from Argentina has a lot of Italians words .
But old people speak Italian .
Best cocktail in New Orleans ?
my favorite new orleans drink is sazarac !
drink one at sazarac by in roosevelt hotel or galatoises
By Bar Pat o 's - planters punch - most popular - hurricane napolean house - Pimms cup port of call - monsoon tropicle isle - hand granades goldmine - flaming dr. pepper shot brennans and commanders - kur royale superdome and avenue pub - bloody mary commanders and galatoises - sazarac , kur royale bar at the JW marriot - mint julep What are some good places to eat in Cincinnati Ohio ?
Any suggestions ?
Thanks ! !
1 .
Orchids at Palm Court Category :
American ( New ) 35 W 5th St Cincinnati , OH 45202 ( 513 ) 421 - 9100
2 .
Nicola 's Ristorante Category :
Italian 1420 Sycamore St Cincinnati , OH 45202 ( 513 ) 721 - 6200
3 .
Jean - Robert 's Table Category :
French 713 Vine St Cincinnati , OH 45202 ( 513 ) 621 - 4777
4 .
Daveed 's At 934 Category :
American ( New ) 934 Hatch St Cincinnati , OH 45202 ( 513 ) 721 - 2665
5 .
Trattoria Roma Ristorante Category :
Italian 580 Walnut St Cincinnati , OH 45202 ( 513 ) 723 - 0220
6 .
Baba India Restaurant Categories :
Indian , Pakistani 3120 Madison Rd Cincinnati , OH 45209 ( 513 ) 321 - 1600
7 .
Campanello 's Italian Restaurant Category :
Italian 414 Central Ave Cincinnati , OH 45202 ( 513 ) 721 - 9833
8 .
Boca Category :
American ( New ) 3200 Madison Rd Cincinnati , OH 45209 ( 513 ) 542 - 2022
9 .
Ambar India Restaurant Categories :
Indian , Pakistani 350 Ludlow Ave Cincinnati , OH 45220 ( 513 ) 281 - 7000
10 .
Oriental Wok Category :
Chinese 2444 Madison Road Cincinnati , OH 45208 ( 513 ) 321 - 6088 Places to meet and hangout in Delhi ?
Have a date tomrw .
Need to plan out a whole day ! !
No good movies released too ... .
: ( help Centra Park CP Humanyu Tomb Safdarjang Tomb OId Fort India Gate Buddha Jayanti Park Metro Walk , Rohini . 1.Central park CP nice and as winters are coming you could easily sit in sun all eating places are near
2.District park Hauz khas ... its very very very big to cover in an entire day also not too crowdy lots of trees and secret places for being naughty but no eating place ... .
have to take everything from outside there is a deer park attached to it and a big lake inside and on side of it there is a rose garden
3.Akshardham temple ( never been there but have listen a lot about that )
4.Lodhi garden lodhi road not too crowdy lots of trees and secret places for being naughty but no eating place ... .
have to take everything from outside
5.India gate
sorry for delay but not many people ask questions in this category I rarely come on this page ... . .
but you could use it next time nizamuddin area like jungpura , ansal plaza , friends colony and the list goes on ! ! !
` What exactly is flickr.com used for ?
Uploading and sharing pictures 18 and up clubs in Sacramento ?
Im trying to go to a club tonight and hoping someone could give me a list of the 18 and up clubs in the area .
I 've been to barcode and that was n't too great .
The music they played was too much pop. Thanks !
when you are 21 you can go any place you like In downtown sacramento 95811 what time does the mail come on saturday ?
T Depends on the route and how fast the mail carrier can get to your house !
LOL Would n't it be better to ask your neighbors ? ?
before noon MM , how would you feel knowing Callum picks out hot black guys for me ?
; ) LMAO Hmmm I wish his long arms would reach to the USA and stroke me * eats popcorn * Callum has great taste in men !
What are the positive and negative impacts of India 's Population Policy ! ? ? ?
Easy 10 points ?
and also
How much does the policy cost in $ per year ?
I really have no idea . .
so any help is greatly appreciated ! ! !
Thanks !
: ) Looking for a nice quiet cafe to do some reading , recommendations ?
i live in brockton MA and i want to find a nice quiet cafe so i can just sit and enjoy a cup of coffee and read .
i tried places like starbucks and panera bread but there were just too many people going in and out ( not to mention obnoxious college kids ) i 'm open to anything thats under a 30 min drive i just want to find a nice old school coffee shop to spend my afternoon in
recommendations anyone ?
caribou coffee starbucks I do n't know about Boston specifically , but just do a google local search on `` coffee , '' and see what come up .
Then also just keep an eye out for coffee shops while you 're driving around .
Do n't go to the big chains , find a nice locally - owned place .
Katy perry is ... ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Your continuation !
crazy and colorful !
Hot and sexy !
TGIF !
crazy for marrying Russell Brand eww where can tourists go ?
http://www.touristspots.org/vienna-austria / where is the Vienna boys choir ?
http://www.viennaclassic.com/termine.php?bundle=BNDL_SK&lang=E the back of my van how high will a handball bounce when dropped ?
two inches depends the Ball
he material - smooth ( unlike the tennis ball ) rubber with more recoil Where can i get a monte cristo sandwich in minneapolis ?
The Depot Tavern Urban Eatery Try yelp.com for more food recommendations : http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=&ns=1&find_loc=minneapolis%2C+mn#find_desc=monte+cristo&show_filters=1 From Where can I buy a good vinyl record player in ( INDIA ) MUMBAI ?
plz help coz my grandfather has many recods to play on the player ... but the player in broken & cant b further repaired ... . .
Plz help ... . .
I wannna Gift him vinyl record player On his Birthday . .
Plz help ...
Thank you . .
Sir , pls go to google web site and ask for ' old vinyl record player availability ' .
You will get at least three to four places where you can get such players .
Accordingly you can select the same based on your price level .
where can i get good sushi ?
you could go :
1 ) Sushi King 2 ) Sushi Zenmai 3 ) Hokkaido Ichiban 4 ) Sushi Tei 5 ) Sushi Zen sushi zushi Learn how to make it .
Its not that hard and its super yummy !
( and much cheaper ) is smiggle open on sundays in australia ?
okay so i really need to go to smiggle and im not sure if its open on sundays !
please please please answer !
first answer will receive my vote thanks http://www.smiggle.com.au/tem/shopinfo.tem?info=faq E-mail address of La Poste , preferably their 67 075 office ?
I need the e-mail address of La Poste , preferably of their 67 075 office in Strasbourg , France .
Neven 67075 is a Cedex postcode - and I have been unable to find out which Poste has that postcode .
Cedex are for large companies .
If you have an address it would be easy to send them a letter .
But even the telephone numbers for post-offices have been centralised with a single phone number for ALL post offices ( 3631 - which would not work if calling from outside France ) Their site does have a contact form for contacting them by e-mail .
Here is the link http://www.laposte.fr/Service-Consommateurs/Service-consommateurs-Contact Asterisked fields need to be filled in - if you let me know the broad details of your query with them I can help you fill it out .
un vampiro mi venga a mordere ?
a via strinella vicino al parco unicef How sad .
Spanish , or is that Italian , on an English site will not bring help or sympathy .
Sprechen sie Deutsch ?
A vampire would love the meat feast at Gaucho 's in Canton .
Does my wife have a drinking problem ?
She drinks prosseco and wine with every meal .
After 1 pm , she can confidentally start drinking and call it an `` aperitive '' .
If she is not drinking she is VERY moody .
If we have friends over or go to a public place , she 'll drink to the point where she has a blank stare and slurs her words .
I just want to get the f * * * out before anyone notices how drunk she is .
( Thankfully she does n't do anything embarrassing ) she just looks really tired and drunk .
We have business dinners a lot , and I do n't want any of my busines friends gossiping about my wife .
yes if it is a problem .
it is addictive .
Your wife is an alcoholic .
Your life wo n't get better until she stops drinking .
Get rid of all the liquor in the house , do n't take her to the dinner meetings .
Tell her you will hit on her best friend if she does n't stop drinking .
Your friends and associates already know she is a drunk .
development of a new food product ?
Me and my team have to develop a new food product.A product totally new or a modification of an already existing one . .
Please help us with a concept on any area - fruits and vegetables / dairy / cereals / / bakery.You can share your own idea about what kinda new food product you want in the market . .
Remember that the product should have the capability of sale in market and hence suggest idea for products that can be stored / preserved for a minimum period of 15 days.Thanks .
any Indian food product ( vegetarian ) , without cocoanut powder added and groundnut oil added , and if preserved in fridge , should last at least for 15 days .
People from Arizona PLEASE HELP ! ?
I 'm going to Tempe Marketplace and I 'm in need of a place that has dark chocolate .
Any form of it .
Whether it be dark chocolate cake , dark chocolate candy bars , whatever it is , is there a store or restaurant in Tempe Marketplace with something like this ?
Thanks .
The dark chocolate brownies from Paradise Bakery and Cafe ' are devine ... try the dark choc chippers too ! !
Yum !
Whats a good restaurant for pasta in phoenix ?
I looooove pasta and different sauces and spaghetti , you know the works .
I love olive garden but its a bit too pricey .
Are there any places in phoenix or glendale that have all kinds of pasta for a good price ?
I 'm a big fan of olive gardens never ending pasta bowl but that has ended til next year : ( so I 'm looking for a temporary fix . Any ideas ? I really enjoy RigaTony 's at 1850 E. Warner in Mesa . You can find their menu at
http://www.rigatonys.com / I live in sacramento , know any shisha places ?
To do hookah , to purchase flavors , and to buy shisha stuff yea there are a couple of places Whar time does Hot Topic at ValleyFair San Jose CA close on sundays ?
Please Answeer ASAP !
Thank You !
( : 11 pm I do n't know what time it closes , but you could look it up online and call to ask . Who is your favorite wrestler ? whoever takes the most steroids John Cena , as I love gay men so much ! John Cena . HOT AS HELL . AS A GAY MAN I WOULD BONE HIM EVERY NIGHT How do you get pleasure from playing handball ? i get lots of exercise I love Handball Stroke it . Am in Bangalore.Does any body know where i will get Vetmedin.Any other phrmacies which will provide delivary ? I need details about Vetmedin.Its side effects and benefits.How much dosage should be provided.Whether i can get it in Bangalore or any pharmacies which will supply that medicine to India.Thanks in advance . Eating challenges in Adelaide ? Hey , me and my buddy are looking for eating challenges in Adelaide . Things like double / tripple - parmys , burgers bigger than your head , whatever ... I ca n't seem to find any .
The Casino 18 incher was like a fried cardboard entree and the alehouse parmy , while delicious , is not a challenge ( i finished 2 for a bet ) .
shoot away .
try big EDS which is the best vegetarian restaurant in south chennai ?
except for saravana bhavan my take is to do the research and call around .
for information on the vegetarian restaurants plus other veg - friendly resources in chennai , india go to happy cow at http://www.happycow.net/asia/india/chennai Eden , Besant Nagar or Sangeeta , Adyar : ) Anjappar , KEFI :
This is the famous restaurant Please tell what is the best restaurant in Delhi . ?
Naivedyam
yummy vegiterain food !
J.W .
Marriot Thanksgiving food delivery in Houston , TX ?
I 'm wondering if anyone has suggestions on any restaurants that would deliver food to Humble , TX for Thanksgiving .
I have relatives that are staying at my house while I 'm out of town to watch my dog over Thanksgiving , and I 'd like to provide dinner for them .
I 'm having a hard time locating someone who delivers food on Thanksgiving Day .
Any suggestions will help !
Thanks .
Corkscrew BBQ is offering catering and / or delivery for Thanksgiving , they will require 2 day advance notice .
http://www.corkscrewbbq.com/index.html
Or they can pick up to go from the nearest Luby 's on Thanksgiving day if you call in your order .
where are the best neighborhoods for small children to go trick or treating in atlanta ga ?
Stacy , Hit Buckhead , Inman Park or the suburbs ( Duluth , Chamblee or Alpharetta . )
The one you live in I usually take my 7 year old down syndrome son of a bitch and my 4 year old with assburgers down to Carter St. and drop them off .
I usually pick them up the next day .
I used to have an 8 year old who had severe autism but he got abducted in Embry hills .
For those familiar , do you feel any one area has the edge in terms of business growth / other and why ?
Thank you ~ !
If it were me , I 'd choose Georgetown , Steamboat Springs , Gunnison and Edwards in that order , but they 're all pretty nice .
I would suppose that the opportunity for business growth would depend on the type of business you have , but you appear to be looking for employment .
Steamboat Springs or Gunnison may have the best chances for that , but the economy is n't great anywhere .
You asked this in the restaurant section .
If you are considering opening a restaurant I would say none of the above .
Several wonderful restaurants have closed in Georgetown in the past few years and the economy is certainly not improving .
I do n't imagine arny fo the other areas are doing much better .
What 's a good Chinese restaurant in Milpitas ?
There are so many choices !
Is Milpitas Square or the area on Milpitas Road better ?
I heard that Golden Island Chinese cuisine is good but I do n't know where it is located .
There are just a few Chinese places in Milpitas .
Mandalay noodle and Moongate Garden are my favorite .
But I think Mandalay is closed now , you can check .
See the link below for a list of all Chinese restaurants in Milpitas , CA. Ho Chow is a good place .
Its in Fremont / mission area , not too far from milpitas A web site - so when i get to new orleans i will have a job lined up ?
I am a heavy equiptment operator / construction worker / that will need shelter / food / gov.help / PS. ...
I will be homeless lost and alone ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
You will not have a job lined up .
You have to do it like everyone else .
Govt. money will NOT be waiting for you .
It is best that you to NOT move to new orleans without a job or anything .
We all have problems and some of us also do n't have jobs and we are doing fine .
Stay where you are we do not need anyone else living on the streets or using govt. assistance .
There are a number of websites where you can find and apply for jobs online .
Check out : http://211.org /
But really you should not be moving if you need gov't assistance to do so .
Stay where you are until you get employment in NOLA Is there any good Korean restaurant in Denver ?
I live in Littleton , within 30 mins drive .
NO AMERICAN KOREAN , thks Seoul BBQ is highly rated locally - but I have n't tried it myself and do n't know how it fits your no American Korean criterion .
It 's likely that all the Korean places are Americanized to some extent ; certainly the Italian places are .
http://bestof.voiceplaces.com/denver/w/best-korean-restaurant-2011-35021 San Jose State University information ?
Can someone who currently attends this university tell me about it describe it and the ethnicity groups who are mostly present there : ) THANK YOU !
I am applying there but i think it has a high asian population What are some good Italian restaurant names ?
Hello !
My Italian class has a food Project and a part of it was to come up with a good restaurant name .
I can tell you , I am NOT creative at all .
I was wondering if anyone knew anything that would help me ?
Thank you so much : ) Ok , here my proposals )
- Pasta&Fagioli ( Pasta&Beans ) : if you want to give a a Easy , Simple , Basic image to your project
- Pizza Margherita : it 's in the same time a simple but noble name ) Margherita was a queen of italy and tradition wants she invented pizza ) pizza margherita is the most simple pizza you have ( dough + tomato + cheese + few leaves of basil
- Caffe ' Espresso : if you want to give an Energizer image to the Project ) short but good sprint
- Volare ( `` flying '' ) : if you want to refer to italian music traditions ( as in all restaurants of South of italy , eating very often goes along with music and Volare is one of most traditional and most famous song of Italy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRF5zSczYEs
good ideas ? ?
else just tell me which message you want to pass with the `` project '' and we find the most appropriate name ) il tratto ra ro i do n't think that is spelt right but if you want a good italian name go to a wiki page for italian words i have worked in good ones named after the owner or chef - enzos or Mario 's BELLA ITALIA San Jose Is Nicknamed ?
A. Belize B. Sandy Point C. Chepe None !
I hear it being called San Ho all the time I 've lived here my entire life and have never heard any of those used .
Of course I 'm not a gang member so the verdict is out .
The only so called nick name I 'm aware of is `` The capitol of Silicon Valley '' which is basically a lie made up by the chamber of commerce but it 's on most of the city seals .
As far as I 'm concerned you can call San Jose anything you want , but it 's still run like a one mule town .
Anyone ever hear of Craftsman Chop Company ?
located in Portage , Mi. Many entries from the grill offered at mid-level prices .
Best thing I can tell you is that its a fairly new restaurant somewhere near or in Kalamazoo , Mich. Where should me and my friends go for prom weekend ?
Hi , I know its early to ask but we want to start putting money aside for prom and Prom weekend .
Our Prom is in April 26th , we are the only school to have prom that day !
so we need things to do after prom and where go for prom weekend !
help !
1 When I went to prom we went to a really nice restaurant called the cheesecake factory , then after prom we went to a friends house and watched movies , ate and danced til we were ready to go home .
It was really fun .
I advise going somewhere out of the norm for you guys , find a nice restaurant in your area that you all want and go there , just have fun .
Bring a change of clothes and go bowling or to watch a movie afterwards .
Hope I helped !
dinner date in savannah georgia ?
i have an upcoming dinner date in savannah .
im not from the area , and dont know a lot about it.i want a nice , quiet , ambient place , but one that wont break the bank .
id like to get away under 50 dollars .
ive looked into `` the olde pink house '' and that is an ideal restaurant , but just too expensive .
The pirates house .
www.thepirateshouse.com The atmosphere is intimate , dim and candle lit. They have great food and it is reasonably priced .
First get her a nice dildo filled with peanut butter .
My grandma really loves that type .
Then order the chicken alfredo it reallys turns women on these days .
I use it on my sister when i get in the mood .
: ) Then when the date is done tie her down to the bed and rail her in the ass .
I did that to my aunt once.It was really fun .
Not to mention hot .
Hope it helps ; ) Where do I find pecans in Alabama ?
store or the trash depends if your a hobo or not i am perrsoanally Honey , they grow on trees .
Wow , if you ca n't find them in Alabama the rest of us are in real trouble .
When I travel to the south almost every street corner has someone selling boiled peanuts and pecans .
Not to mention Claxton Fruitcake .
I am refugee in italia can i work in Austria ?
No. Without a visa you can not even enter Austria .
If you are physically present in Italy , you can of course enter Austria , because there is no monitored border between the two countries .
However , whether you can work depends on whether Italy has accepted your refugee status and allows you to work in Italy .
You may still be limited to short - time work in Austria , but there is a chance you could get that .
If you are only claiming refugee status , but that status has not been accepted , then you can not work in austria at all .
Which is worth more ?
One US Dollar or One Nepal Rupee ?
Say you have a boss that wants to pay you $ 500 rupees from Nepal for a service .
How much is that in US Dollars ?
The US Dollar is worth 78.896 Nepalese Rupees right this moment .
So 500 rupees would be worth $ 6.34 US .
These numbers change frequently but not by a very large amount .
US Dollar FIrst of all , look it up in a currency calculator .
Secondly , dollars are MUCH more valuable than rupees .
One dollar is around 700 rupees .
Do you think that Austria should restore the Habsburg Monarchy ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habsburg_Monarchy Υes Are there any living heirs to that monarchy ?
It 's very unlikely that all the countries which were ruled by the Habsburgs would agree to be reunited .
No , I do not .
Austria is doing fine as the country it is now , and the Hapsburg line always was troublesome politically .
Much of the disarray in Europe leading to two world wars ( not to mention many earlier wars ) was caused by monarchs having personal ideas of their fiefdoms as opposed to recognizing any national boundaries .
We really , really do n't need to go back to that .
Name Your Top 5 Favorite Bay Area Rappers ?
1 - Hey This 2 - Is Handball 3 - Rap Lovers 4 - Posting Here 5 - Are Idiots 1 .
Messy Marv 2 .
Guce 3 .
Dubee 4 .
Andre Nickatina 5 .
Mac Dre
honorable mention - 40 water , Husalah , Mac mall , Smoov - e , Rydah J Klyde , PSD , Reek Daddy , D - Shot , Dru Down , Too Short NONE !
What does the peach represent in the US programme The Real House Wives Of Atlanta ?
?
Well I 'm a British citizen and we do n't get programs that air like The Real Housewives of Atlanta and such .
What does the peach respresent in the beginning of the program ?
I 'm so curious .
Lol : ) The city of Atlanta is in the State of Georgia which is known as the `` Peach Tree State '' .
Georgia peaches are supposed to be the best .
Menu prices five sixty restaurant dallas ?
Expensive , plan on 50 - 70 per person even before drinks ! !
Recommended Reverse Osmosis System Ireland ?
Can anyone recommend a company who installs reverse osmosis systems in Ireland .
I have a two bedroom apt and am looking for recommendations on reliable and competitively priced companies who offer this product .
oh , what a pity , I am work in Reverse Osmosis System Factory in China , If smoebody want to know more detail on our product , please kindly check http://www.waterzj.com , if you have any technial question , we also appreciate you could contact us directly What 's the best restaurant in Sherman Texas ?
A La Mesa Mexican Restaurant 2124 Texoma Pkwy Sherman , TX 903 - 892 - 1644 195 # 1 :
Good mexican Food and served fast and the staff is friendly .
Hope this helps .
it would be chedders or johnny corinos or logans roadhouse .
Hmmmmmm ...
Jayy Von Monroe ... ... . ?
Who do you think would be cuter ?
Jayy Von Monroe and Adam Lambert
Or
Jayy Von Monroe and Alex Evans ... ?
< 3 Jayy Von Monroe and John Cena Jayy Von Monroe and Adam Lambert Rey Mysterio How old do you have 2 be to walk Mt. Everest ?
How much do the traing camps cost to get me ready before the climb . !
THANKS !
Also how long would the course take Walk ?
Not going far up it then .
No formal age limit but if you can do it for less than $ 30 000 you got a fantastic deal .
Never mind .
The waiting list is long enough that if you get a highly paid job and can save 8 thousand a year you can still make it and you 'll need the time for training .
Doing Everest takes more than athletic fitness .
You 've got no idea yet how you are at altitude , and Everest is an expensive way to find out .
You 'll need to be an experienced and technically competant climber with good endurance ability at the increasing altitude to have any chance at all of getting above camps 4 and 5 , let alone the summit .
Being athletic does n't help much .
It 's a different kind of fitness .
Street fit and athletics fit are not mountain fit .
You 'll need some cred some like having a couple of other big mountains under your belt , properly certified and verifiable so the Everest company you go with will accept you .
If you do n't use a company it 'll cost even more .
Private rates for sherpas ( required by law or you wo n't get onto Everest ) , all the gear and transport and insurance ... you 'll be lucky if you can do it for $ 50 000 as a private trip .
Plenty of folks have spent twice that and failed .
yeah you could walk to the base of mount everest at any age , but you just have to be a really good climber to climb it , you cant just walk up mount everest
and every year there is heaps of people die climbing mount everest and there bodies are never found buried under the snow It costs around $ 20,000 and is a three month expedition that people do n't always make it back from .
You might not make it to the top , because things can go wrong , like altitude sickness or not having enough oxygen to make it all the way up and back down .
You have to be in peak physical condition .
What 's your favorite place to eat in Disney World ?
Looking for a place to make reservations at for my birthday ! ! !
Tony 's .
It is in the Magic Kingdom .
It 's good if you like Italian .
Anywhere is fun there ! !
Try the breakfast with all the characters or a dinner in downtown Disney !
You ca n't go wrong there !
the disney mascots are tasty Why did mcdonald 's lose their heart foundation tick ?
Why did McDonald 's lose their heart foundation tick ?
Providing the food submitted for assessment is within the range required for the Heart Foundation AND the company pays the licensing fee they are entitled to use the tick .
I suspect the heart Foundation came into a lot of criticism for their accrediting McDonald 's as most of their ' food ' does not meet requirements for the tick The Heart Foundation changed their criteria .
Mc Donald 's was giving the Heart Foundation $ 400.000.00 per year.Then they woke up it was junk food .
I am curious about what is the best way to find and rent a good & secured apartment in uptown Dallas . ?
Why is Goth Scene so big in Germany ?
Seriously , Toronto , Canada was called goth club city in 90s - 2005 and now goth scene is dead in Toronto .
There is one old club left , one semi-new club and one new bar opened up two month ago .
Germany has a huge goth scene that 's still growing .
Sweden has a pretty big one too or so I heard .
U know any countries with big Goth scene ?
http://www.vancouversun.com/entertainment/Photos+Gothic+fashion+parade+Germany/4937793/story.html?id=4937793 Food questions about Australia ?
- What are 2 cultural beverages that would be commonly drank ?
- What are the special occasion 's foods eaten during special occasions ?
- What is a typical lunch meal in Australia ?
please answer all these questions if know for sure !
thank you ! !
: ) Definitely beer and then we drink a lot of water Special occasions are usually a roast or just a BBQ lunch is a sandwich or pie or burger .
Beer and tea or coffee Christmas Dinner A 200g Meat Pie and a sandwich What to do in San Jose ! ? ! ?
My boyfriend dorms at SJSU , and i visit every other weekend , does anyone have any suggestions as to what to do during the weekends besides clubbing and going to malls ?
And nothing crazy expensive either since we are both college students !
please and thankyou !
= D You could go to the Rosicrucian Egyptian Museum .
Or the Winchester Mystery house .
My friend said that its amazing !
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=ApFxSRpr0DE74zPeuTV8oa6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=travel&csz=San+Jose%2C+CA&sortby=topresults
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=Arm0yWSbaGP_RPXjWnevG6iHNcIF;_ylv=3?p=entertainment&csz=San+Jose%2C+CA
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=ApFxSRpr0DE74zPeuTV8oa6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=tourist+attractions&csz=San+Jose%2C+CA&sortby=topresults there is a really fun place called campo di bocce in los gatos ( about 15 min away ) you can play bocce ball and order apps while you play or sit down for a full meal .
Eating alone in restaurants is antisocial ?
As someone who has never had a girlfriend , and have very few friends , how antisocial , and why would it be given that I always eat alone at restaurants ?
Would like to hear opinions .
I personally think , now I have seen for the first time , someone eating alone on a friday / saturday night is quite disgraceful in its own right , something that only just occurred to me in observation recently .
Just wondering if my thoughts are normal on that observation or otherwise ?
I usually eat alone at restaurants when I 'm interstate for work .
People should gain experience before being so judgmental .
Eating in a restaurant or public place is like the tango - it takes two ( or more hehehe ) .
What i mean is that is the socially accepted thing to do .
restaurants are no longer just places to get a meal but a social meeting place , the norm if you will .
if you wanted to just eat alone then why not just stay home and feast on ramen noodles or something ?
Of course theres people who will go to a restaurant simply cos they like the food , ambiance or service .
if you are going to a restaurant to eat by yourself for a reason other than those then ya , thats a tad bit antisocial .
( in my opinion ) I prefer to eat alone and if that makes other people think I am anti-social I do n't give a toss .
I enjoy being in my own thoughts , enjoying the meal that has been made and I wonder about those that eat in groups .
You are in a nice restaurant with nice foods and many people pay scant attention to what they are eating as they are so engrossed in what they have to say .
i need a female working partner to travel uk and ireland anyone looking ?
I have a company that needs its trade secrets kept safe so I need someone I can trust and relate to and develop with .
im irish can i apply seeming i ahh live there ?
I would like to apply .
My attributes are :
I do n't like to work .
I ca n't keep secrets .
I do n't like travelling .
I ca n't be trusted .
When can I start ?
Thanks , Rox Looking for apartment in Basel ?
Does anyone of know apartment based in city center ?
i am looking for 02 bed room apartment on 1st Dec for one night only You can rent a 2 bedrooms flat in Basel at Adagio city aparhotels .
http://www.adagio-city.com/gb/booking/hotels-list.shtml what is skype ?
what are the uses of skype ?
You can do video chats in between computers and people , or voice chats with conferences of people , or send actual phone calls if you have Skype credits .
Me and my friends use it for online gaming just because its convenient .
It is a video chat service It 's to have phone calls online to people all over the world
You can also chat though aswell by typing etc. What do you think of this idea about parking in Dublin ?
We are Engineering students in UCD .
We are doing a project .
Our idea is an app for a smartphone or GPS system that you type in where you 're going and it will direct you to parking spaces near there .
Each space would have a number .
You then type this number into the system and it tags - on .
When you return , you tag - off and the system takes the relevant amount out of an account you have set up .
Once tagged off the system will know that the space is free again .
That 's the basic idea .
What do you think ?
Any improvements / problems you can think of ?
That is a great idea .
Several problems could be :
Enforcing the parking spaces .
Even though they may have numbers , some people who are late for work or what have you may decide to park there anyway .
So the person that taged a particular number may find the spot taken .
Would they still have to pay ?
What about people who do not have smartphones , or they do not know how to use apps ?
This would be unfair to them .
I know many older people who would have no idea how to use this technology .
Also some people are likely to perform this service while driving in traffic , increasing the chance of accidents .
Where is a good , cost effective Las Vegas restaurant , to hold a wedding reception for 15 - 20 people ?
My fiance and a few of our close friends will be coming to Las Vegas in March of 2012 for a wedding off the strip in Las Vegas .
We are looking for a restaurant that will be able to host a reception dinner for about 15 - 20 people that will have the room for us , and not break the bank .
Anyone have any suggestions ?
Try Maggiano 's .
If you like italian , they have great food .
My Brother had a small party there for a Baptism .
They had about 20 people , and the food was served family style .
The restaurant is located in the Fashion Show Mall , it is however , on the strip , but it 's a great option .
They also give other options for parties , and offer different types of rooms for parties .
Good luck !
One could try Ellis Island , located 1 block east of Bally 's on Koval .
Greetings , Would like to invite you to check out our Vegas2Hollywood tour .
We have some excellent group prices !
The perfect event for birthdays , honeymoons , family reunions , and more !
http://Vegas2Hollywood.com
Call for special internet prices or reserve your seats online = )
Welcome to Las Vegas !
Hope you March finds you well .
Curious about work - related coffee today ?
I 've been asked to work for 3 days with a guy and we 're having coffee today .
He said `` nothing formal '' and we basically spoke about what the job will entail over the phone .
What do you reckon the meeting up will consist of ?
What should I wear ?
It 's just for this http://www.water-walkers.co.nz / here site .
All I have to do for the position is blow up the balls , bouncy castle , and help the kids on and off .
( Excuse the category , I have no idea where it should go ) Well that 's an easy job , not too complicated .
It 's not anything professional so wear anything you like unless required to wear something else Why are buffets so cheap ?
?
Why is it so cheap to eat so much food and there 's usually loads of seafood which is suppose to be very expensive .
They save a ton of money in man - hours by not having individual service per table .
At any restaurant - the largest cost factor is always the employees .
Actually that is pretty much true in any business .
Buffets are like the assembly - line of restaurants .
It 's all do - it - yourself .
Because people spit in your food .
Economy has been dropping , So Have prices on food .
the difference between wenger and wenger swiss military ?
please someone tell me if there is any difference between wenger and wenger swiss military
and if there is not does they worth their price ?
what does a las vegas diner look like ?
Would you believe a gray bearded short fat guy with a big smile on his face ?
Ca n't wait to get back .
Stand in line & notice a good portion of diners are of Oriental or Middle Eastern extraction .
There 's a bunch of young people who make you wonder where they got the money to be there .
There 's family groups , mom - dad - kids and super family groups of a dozen relatives at one table chatting and grazing .
I 've seen nuns , Elvis impersonators , and Hawaiian Tropic models hitting the buffets .
Pretty much a microcosm of the general population , plus a bunch of foreign tourists .
Look in the mirror .
Approximately how much of Switzerland 's population is of Kosovar - Albanian origin ?
Like all countries switzerland has many ethnic communities within its various cities .
These people come from all around the world but mainly from eastern europe and developing countries i believe .
A commonly mentioned community is the kosovar - albanian one .
There r some notable swiss of kosovar albanian origin e.g. Xherdan Shaqiri & Granit Xhaka , Valon Behrami etc .
So how many people of kosovar albanian origin make up switzerland 's population .
Any figures ( numerical , 0e ) plz In the year 2000 it was 5.6 percent ( 83 ' 300 ) of the 20.5 percent migrates in switzerland , are former yugoslavians .
Could n't find Kosovar - Albanian .
But i 'm I think most of them are Albanian - Kosovars , maybe there are more serbiens though ...
Hope it helped
Fiona Should I Go To Dundrum or Jervisin in Dublin ?
I 'm going to Dublin tomorrow and we 're going shopping .
I 'm looking for women 's / teens clothes .
Should I go to Dundrum shopping centre or Jervis shopping centre ?
Please answer : ) Think you 've double posted your question .
Go to Jervis , some of Dundrum SC is still closed due to flooding .
Should I Go To Dundrum or Jervis in Dublin ?
I 'm going to Dublin tomorrow and we 're going shopping .
I 'm looking for women 's / teen 's clothing .
Should i go to Dundrum shopping centre or Jervis centre .
I ca n't go to both .
please answer .
Thanks Go to Jervis .
Some of the shops in Dundrum are still closed after the flooding last week .
If you go to Jervis , you also have access to all of the Henry and Mary Street shops , and you 're also within walking distance of Grafton St. What is the best San Jose area Restaurantt to have a small ( 30 people ) office party ?
We have to pay our own way , so we need to keep the price down to less than $ 25 each .
Do n't necessarily need a private room .
Even a small place would work , but we would prefer a full bar -- we are talking coworkers after all !
Milpitas , Campbell , Santa Clara would be fine as well .
Any suggestions would be appreciated .
You could try Aqui Cal Mex Grill but call and ask about the 30 people thing .
They might be able to reserve an area for you .
They have three locations .
The one on Lincoln Ave is terrific but parking can be a bit frustrating ( shared parking lot . )
The parking lot is in the back .
You access it by either right off of Lincoln from an alley - like drive down the side of the Garden Theater building or from the side street Willow Blvd. If you want fancy , then you could do McCormicks and Schmicks .
It is a bit pricy though .
Best place to get a steak in san diego ?
I 'm looking for a place to get a good steak at a decent price in san diego .
Best seafood in Boston ?
I need to know the best place for seafood in Boston .
Planning on taking my girlfriend there for a date .
Any ideas ?
Yelp is really good for questions like this .
Here is their list of Boston 's top 10 seafood restaurants , with reviews and photos .
( food porn , LOL ! )
http://www.yelp.com/search?find_loc=Boston%2C+MA&cflt=seafood The Atlantic Fish Company would be an excellent choice : http://www.atlanticfishco.com/index.cfm Red Lobster .
lol How do I memorize people 's food orders ?
Ill be the first to say Im an idiot but in my defense can I say , i believe it was my mom 's choices in raising me that got me this way ?
Anyway , Id like to improve my memory ( seeing as I need to now ) .
I got a new job .
I have to remember toppings and menu items and such plus what people say .
Tomorrow is my 3rd day and Ill be working from 10 - 2 ... .
yay .
Anywho , I do like this new job I just have the worst time memorizing things , most importantly what people order .
HOW CAN I REMEMBER WHAT PEOPLE ORDER ? ? ? ? ?
PS.You know that guy that everyone says is an idiot because he cant do anything right ?
Yeah Im the guy below him that cant do anything right either but nobody wants to talk about me because Im just that pathetic .
( if that paints you a pic ) and let me add , a notepad isnt very doable .
I have to wear gloves and work with food as its being ordered and im not a cook or a waiter .
( sounds like a riddle now ) = / Hello
Yes , indeed there are many ways to remember any thing just to know the way .
First , you 've to well know the types of food you 're serving for people i mean by all your senses ( their pictures like colors and shapes etc. . , sound of their preparation , taste and most importantly smells ) .
After that is done well ; consider the people who come , some of them will come regularly which make the process of remembering easier for you because they will ask for the same food most of the time and most important you will know their faces .
Third , and this is the point :
Is to make association between the faces ( or any body part or anything related ) of customers and the food they order .
I mean when a customer order a mushroom for instance just see a customer 's face ( or any other part ) if having any thing unique and link it to mushroom .
And that way it goes ok .
This technique is a real one working really well i personally do with many things .
So , use it , it will take you some time to get used to it but rest assured it 'll help you amazingly .
So , best luck .
write note label table wth a number just get a notepad and write down what people order How old is your civilisation , 6000 years ?
Do you have a different calendar than us white boys ?
Are you a much stronger civilisation ?
...
We have proved history of more than 4000 years .
1 .
Much older 2 .
we have a different calender .
3 .
we were living in huts while you were in caves .
What to wear to Craft Restaurant in Atlanta ?
I am 19 years old girl and couple of my friends are going to Craft Restaurant in Atlanta , Ga. I have no idea what people wear to the restaurant .
I want to wear a dress , but what type of dresses would you recommend ?
Thankss McCoy is right .
Craft is closed -- but assuming you and your friends go to a similar restaurant , you can wear a dress .
I would n't go overboard with anything really fancy , but a casual , pretty dress , a skirt , dress pants -- this works in almost all Atlanta restaurants .
When i go to craft resturants i just paint a tuxedo onto my naked body and really show off the junk when i am eating the soup .
It is kind of dangerous when i saw this group of 7 year olds walked in and i popped the biggest boner of my life .
You better make other plans because Craft Restaurant and Bar in Atlanta is CLOSED .
Best Cheap eats in Sydney ?
Your top favorites in Sydney A fave is a place called ' Pasteur ' and also very filling !
Beef or chicken broth , spinach , various dips and sauces , bowls of white pho noodles - normal size $ 8.50 and large $ 11 .
It 's nourishing stuff .
The Vietnamese iced coffee is $ 3.50
There is a place in Bankstown on Chapel Rd and also in Haymarket on George St Im from Campbelltown and am at Isabelle 's wood - fire pizza at least once a week .
its in Leaumeah This is a test , do you like tests ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78vPTjekfOU
Lolz Υesss .
I like it , I love tests .
Yes I like it and think there should be tests .
how far is it by road from zurich to esinbach in the black forest . ?
Hi there ,
It 's around 115 km by road from Zurich to Eisenbach .
Journey time is around one - and - a - half hours .
Hope this helped ,
JPJ What are the best places for sushi in Denver ?
I 'm visiting for a day and want to eat sushi and I have no clue where I should go .
Sushi Sasa was voted the best in Denver this year by the readers of Westword : http://www.westword.com/bestof/2011/award/best-sushi-restaurant-1770357 / It 's certainly the best one I 've tried when I get home to Denver , but there are a lot of possible places I have n't tried : http://www.sushisasadenver.com / Sushi Den 1487 S Pearl St Denver , CO 80210
( 303 ) 777 - 0826 www.sushiden.net
Taki Sushi 420 E Bayaud Ave Denver , CO 80209
www.takisushi.com Since I do n't know what part of town you are in I will pass , but Westword can help !
Look online at Westword 's best of the west .
They always have very solid recomendations .
How to get KEEP citizenship in Austria ?
the law is : naturalized Austrian citizens who are unable to renounce their existing nationality. ,
so what is the condition of `` unable to renounce their existing nationality . ''
?
: ) : ) well , austria prolly does n't know , ur nationality to be citizen There are several reasons why a naturalized citizen of a new country would be `` unable to renounce the existing nationality '' ( the nationality he / she was born to ) .
One reason might be legal -- the country of origin will not allow nationality to be renounced ( this is not common now ) .
A second reason might be practical .
There are many examples .
One might be that a divorced woman who renounces the nationality of her birth country might lose all rights to her children ( common in Muslim countries ) .
Another might be that rights to property in that country would be lost .
Another might be loss of government benefits .
I think that in this context , `` unable '' means `` is not able to or is not able to decide to do so '' -- not normally meaning `` it 's impossible , '' but more often meaning `` it 's too hard --
I would lose too much . ''
I hope that helps you to understand .
The question is not quite clear .
Are you saying the person is a '' naturalized '' Austrian citizen and thus unable to renounce the Austrian citizenship ?
Or are you saying that the person is unable to renounce his / her original ( i.e. not Austrian ) citizenship ? ?
If it 's the latter , see ( 4 ) below .
By way of example - it is very difficult to renounce the US citizenship , naturalized or not .
There are likely other countries as well .
Renunciation of foreign citizenship is almost always required in order to obtain the Austrian .
Austrian law substantially restricts dual citizenship .
In general , only the following categories of Austrian citizens may possess a foreign nationality :
1 : those acquiring another nationality at birth , such as children born to Austrian parents in another country , thus automatically gaining citizenship of that country , or those born with an Austrian and a foreign parent .
Austrian citizenship is based primarily on the principle of Jus sanguinis .
In other words , one usually acquires Austrian citizenship if a parent is Austrian , irrespective of place of birth .
2 : naturalized Austrian citizens who are unable to renounce their existing nationality .
3 : those who acquire Austrian citizenship on the basis of being appointed a professor at an Austrian university .
4 :
Austrian citizens who naturalize in another country with permission obtained to retain Austrian citizenship .
5 ; there are also '' ministerial exemptions '' - difficult to get , but in other words ' whom you know '' .
Are there any speakeasy type bars in San Francisco ?
Im curious to know if there are any other speakeasy type places like Burbon and Branch in the City ?
Obviously the other people who answered this have no idea what you are talking about .
There are a few speakeasy type bars in SF .
The best known is Bourbon and Branch which also includes the Library .
http://www.bourbonandbranch.com
They just opened a new space next door called Wilson & Wilson Private Detective Agency .
You might also enjoy Bix .
Enjoy , but remember mums the word !
Yes , but I respectfully decline to give names since that goes against the nature of the question .
Did n't know there were any since the 21st Amendment repealing prohibition was passed in the mid 1930s .
What is the best Turkish resturant in Houston ?
Turkish resturant http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=AsZy8ii_9GQNy1SPAIhh3JiHNcIF;_ylv=3?p=Turkish+restaurants&csz=Houston%2C+TX&sortby=drating+dnrating Great civilizations have created great cuisines .
The fertile land , the skill of the farmers and the fisherman of the Anatolia have been combined with the enthusiasm and abilities of its chefs and home cooks to produce fine and tasty dishes that have ensured a place for Turkish cuisine along side French and Chinese as one of the three foremost examples of culinary art of the world .
In houston i guess pasha restaurent provides best and authentic turkish food ... taste and hospitilaty is awsome . .
its fingur liking good food hub . .
i really want to be a nurse ?
if i do foundation tier science for gcse can i still be a nurse plz answer quickly I do n't know what you mean but since it 's got the word ' science ' then yes Where in Dublin can I buy Fenchurch clothing ?
There isn'it in brown thomas Try Brown Thomas dept store How to get good authentic new orleans food shipped to you ?
http://shop.nolafoodshippers.com/SPECIALTY-MEATS_c5.htm I kno they have authentic bengiets ( i think I misspelt ) mix that u can buy at stores cajungroceries.com This is the one you want to use :
http://www.cajungrocer.com/food-fresh-foods-c-1_15.html?source=google&gclid=CMiTkqbnnawCFYt-5QodUFbh3g Gentlemen / strip clubs in Denver / Aurora ?
I 'm asking because I 'm looking into getting a cocktail waitressing job at one ...
I live in Aurora , and I have no idea where any strip clubs are in Aurora or Denver .
Can anyone name some ?
Bare Assets Entertainment Shot Gun Willies ... it is the best strip club in Denver which = $ $ $
it may be too far for you though ... good luck ! !
If you havent been yet , a must go to on the near out - skirts of Denver is Shot Gun Willies ...
Will the Miami Airport Chilis be open on new years eve ?
Will the Chilis Too in the Miami International Airport be open on Dec 31st and what will the hours be ?
obviously , its an airport , the things in mia are always open .
how would i know the times ?
do i live there ?
i go to that airport allot though .
yes Any fancy restaurants in Denver with a view ?
I 'm celebrating a special anniversary for my fiance .
I 'm looking for a VERY upscale restaurant that is on a high - rise with the nice view of Denver .
I 'm guessing in the downtown area .
Any places ? ? ?
I 've been searching and ca n't find anything .
This is a really special day because this is our last anniversary before we get a new anniversary , which is our wedding anniversary next week .
Thanks to all the suggestions !
I would try yelp.com http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=ApFxSRpr0DE74zPeuTV8oa6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurants&amp;ambiancefilt=Elegant&amp;csz=Denver%2C+CO&amp;sortby=topresults
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=ApFxSRpr0DE74zPeuTV8oa6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurants&amp;ambiancefilt=Romantic&amp;csz=Denver%2C+CO&amp;sortby=topresults Good banquet facilities in / around the Philadelphia area ?
Me and my new fianc would like to get married within the next year .
Does anyone know of any nice banquets or anything that specialize in weddings ?
We do n't want a church wedding .
Thanks for the help or suggestions !
: ) By the way , I really did n't know what section to put this in .
So I put it in the suggested category !
Here it is : http://www.lebecfin.com/contact-directions.php
imo the the best http://lmgtfy.com/?q=banquet+facilities+in+philadelphia washington state universty ?
i need alot of info on washington state universty .
because me and my friends graduate high school 2014 and the last 2 years of high school are gon na fly by fast .
we know what we wan na be .
and what sports we wan na do . .
we just need info on the school and stuff Go to the schools website : www.wsu.edu / It 's a great school , in a small town !
Close to Idaho , Mountains , and other outdoor activities ! !
I did n't go there , but my cousins and friends did .
What kind of stores are on Kartnerstrasse in Austria ?
I have heard it is an expensive street to go to , but I still have n't found out what kind of stores there are there . .
So if anyone could tell me a few of the stores that would be great .
: ) There are all those expensive stores .
I was there once and I only saw things like Gucci , Louis Vuitton , D&G ...
It 's a bit like the Fifth Avenue of Austria .
Mostly internationally known luxury stores .
Very little that is especially Austrian .
Is this where I order my tacos ?
Extra salsa please ...
Yup .
It 'll arrive in ... calculating ... 4 years .
No , but Taco Bell is an American chain of fast - food restaurants based in Irvine , California .
A subsidiary of Yum !
Brands , Inc. , which serves American - adapted Mexican food .
Taco Bell serves tacos , burritos , quesadillas , nachos , other specialty items , and a variety of `` Value Menu '' items .
Taco Bell serves more than 2 billion consumers each year in more than 5,800 restaurants in the U.S. , more than 80 percent of which are owned and operated by independent franchisees .
While ...
Yahoo! Answers ( formerly known as Yahoo! Q & A ) is a community - driven question - and - answer ( Q&A ) site or a knowledge market launched by Yahoo! on July 5 , 2005 that allows users to both submit questions to be answered and answer questions asked by other users .
The site gives members the chance to earn points as a way to encourage participation and is based on Naver 's Knowledge iN .
Yahoo! Answers is available in 12 languages , but several Asian sites operate a different platform which allows for non-Latin characters .
The platform is known as Yahoo! Chiebukuro ( Yahoo ! 知恵袋 ? )
in Japan and as Yahoo! Knowledge in Korea , Taiwan , China , and Hong Kong .
( citation needed ) An Arabic language Q&A platform called Seen Jeem is available through the Yahoo! subsidiary Maktoob .
Sorry for your confusion si where are the hot spots ?
Chicken Pox where are the hot spots ?
By the radiators where are the hot spots ?
Hot spots ?
In where ?
You can read some places to go in Philippines here : http://philippineparadisepages.com/place_of_phillippines Find out more on : http://www.philippineparadisepages.com where are 10 cheapest places to go shopping ?
Good will Craigslist sections Yard sales Thrift shops Wal mart Kroger food stores Food city Smap meets $ 1 tree 99 cent only stores Dollar general Cvs Walgreens And safeway food - walmart clothes - goodwill random things - dollar tree costco for whatever you cant find other places but you have to buy in large quantities usually Asda Sainsburys Tesco Morrisons Co op Marks and Spencers Iceland Pound shop Aldi Pea cocks where are 10 cheapest places to go shopping ?
Ten different types of Dollars Stores .
Also Big Lots , and Wal - Mart .
I do n't have ten , but I know Aeropostale is a good one .
I do n't know about boys , but for girls they have shirts for only five dollars and they 're good quality .
Just got two of those , and a sweatshirt there for only twenty five , and it was n't a sale .
BIG HAMBURGERS IN PORTLAND , OR ? ! ?
I am looking for a place that sells abnormally large hamburgers in Portland , OR.
One of my friends mentioned a placed called `` Down at the Bayou '' or something close to that , or at least she thought .
However , I can not find it online at all .
If you have any ideas what it might be ( maybe someone that has a name close to that ) that would be great .
Thank you !
It 's pretty important .
Haha yes , voodoo donuts are really good .
But I need a place with big hamburgers . .
It 's not in Portland , but Calamity Jane 's in Sandy has huge burgers .
You can choose what size you want , but I 'm pretty sure the biggest is at least 1lb .
Are you sure she said hamburgers ?
Because there is a place called Voodoo Donuts that have big donuts ... . .
like seriously , they 're really really big .
GO TO ' 5 GUYS AND FRIES ' THE FOOD THERE IS AMAZINGLY GOOD .
THERE HAMBURGERS ARE HUGE AND DELICIOUS ! !
:
D where is bukit pamjamg mall ?
how go bukit pamjang mall by bus ?
take Constitution Street bus route to bukit pamjamg mall .
Go to rock climb wall find gps vendor .
Follow gps home where is bukit pamjamg mall ?
how go bukit pamjang mall by bus ?
the bus stop where is bukit pamjamg mall ?
how go bukit pamjang mall by bus ?
down the road on the left .
Get the bus at the bus stop .
what is skype ?
what are the uses of skype ?
skype is software Application that Allow User to make voice call and video call over the internet Skype is a video i8n the sky and its uses are videoing in the sky you will love talking to your friends in the sky what is skype ?
what are the uses of skype ?
When you need to talk using your PC , then you can do that through Skype .
Skype is the same as Yahoo - messenger , Google Talk , MSN etc. You talk to people with the Internet .
Google is there for a reason .
what is skype ?
what are the uses of skype ?
FREE video calls over the internet .
You can do free video calls with anyone who has a Skype account .
It costs nothing to register .
I speak with friends and family in other states all the time -- and it does n't cost us anything and there 's no time limit .
We 've done birthday parties , watched movies together , walked around the house ( with wi - fi ) to show the person on the other end what something looked like in another room or what kind of weather is outside .
You do n't get bombarded with ads or pop - ups .
You do n't get spamed either .
It 's awesome !
I recommend Skype to everyone .
It 's basically a video call over the internet .
it 's video chat .
what is skype ?
what are the uses of skype ?
it is a video chat system you can connect you email and myspace to it add contacts that have skype if you have credit on skype you can make a proper phone call and you can chat with your skype contacts you can call people overseas you can get games on it Skype is a pretty much a video chatting tool and messanger service .
This involves 2 or more people having a conversation by the little webcam that is situated at the top of the computer .
This displays a visual image of the person you are chatting with .
The main use is for long distance relationships its a brand of a dildo .
helps masturbation what is GDP ?
what is inflation ?
Gross Domestic Product - How much a country produces in one year .
Inflation - The rise in price levels of goods and services .
what is GDP ?
what is inflation ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gross_domestic_product http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inflation Inflation is when there 's a recession and try to print more money but it only decreases the value of the dollar , what is GDP ?
what is inflation ?
GDP :
GDP is the abbreviation of Gross Domestic Products .
Inflation :
When the availability of currency - notes increases , then the purchasing power of money decreases & this situation is called Inflation .
how to cook fried chicken ?
Chop your chicken and give it a powder then fry it in cooking oil I cook mine in grape soda .
And i eat watermelon as a side - dish ; its the best .
Personally ask any black person , we eat it all the time .
Bread crumbs and `` egg wash '' ( a raw egg ) to make it stick .
Pan Fry until brown in a few inches of vegetable oil .
The trick is to oven bake it afterward .
how to cook fried chicken ?
You need to deepfry the chicken with oil ( i prefer corn oil ) .
You also need a flavoured coating for the chicken , you can usually find these in grocery stoes .
In simple steps this is how you do it manually :
1 .
Clean the chicken parts ( let 's say drumsticks ) thorougly , make sure there 's no feathers or such left .
2 .
Put a pot with oil on the stove ( about 0,5 litre / 17 ounces ) .
Make sure you do n't put it on the highest heat , it should be a bit more than medium heat ( if the stove have numbers between 1 - 10 I would go to switching between 6 - 8 ) .
Wait for the oil to be hot ( if you put your hands just slightly over the pot then the steam should feel like . . a hot soup ) 3 .
coat the chicken with the coating 4 .
Put the chicken in the pot , one by one .
Wait for it to be ready .
You might need to turn the chicken around in the pot.
Depends on how thick the drumsticks are they should be fried for about 10 - 15 mins each .
They need to look golden brown .
If they turn too burned before that without the chicken being ready then the oil is too hot and if the chicken is not ready or not brown within that time then the oil needs to be hotter .
You might need to cut open one of the first drumsticks if this is your first try .
That 's it basically , or if you have a frying machine you could just use that one :
P. Oh , and if you 're under 18 , do n't do this alone at home .
You might not need supervision but if something happens ( such as forgetting the oil on the stove and it starts to take fire ) you would need help .
how to cook fried chicken ?
Southern Fried Chicken
Recipe courtesy Paula Deen
Prep Time : 7 min Inactive Prep Time : --
Cook Time : 13 min
Level :
Intermediate
Serves : 4 servings
Ingredients House Seasoning :
* 1 cup salt
1/4 cup black pepper
1/4 cup garlic powder
Southern Fried Chicken :
* 4 eggs
1/3 cup water
1 cup hot red pepper sauce
2 cups self - rising flour
1 teaspoon pepper
House Seasoning
2 1/2 - pound chicken , cut into pieces
Oil , for frying , preferably peanut oil
Directions
To make the House Seasoning , mix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months .
In a medium size bowl , beat the eggs with the water .
Add enough hot sauce so the egg mixture is bright orange .
In another bowl , combine the flour and pepper .
Season the chicken with the House Seasoning .
Dip the seasoned chicken in the egg , and then coat well in the flour mixture .
Heat the oil to 350 degrees F in a deep pot. Do not fill the pot more than 1/2 full with oil .
Fry the chicken in the oil until brown and crisp .
Dark meat takes longer than white meat .
It should take dark meat about 13 to 14 minutes , white meat around 8 to 10 minutes .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * If you do n't want to be as fancy as this :
Wash chicken parts dip in egg ( optional ) roll in flour fry Coat your chicken in flour and fry until golden - brown .
Move to an african - american rural area .
Be invited into one 's ome , and attend family dinner .
Black familys eat fried chicken almost 6 nights a week , so chances are they will making it .
Politley ask if you can watch how they make it , and possibly even learn how to make kool aid while you are there .
I hope this helped .
how to cook fried chicken ?
http://www.cookingnook.com/fried-chicken-recipe.html how to cook fried chicken ?
Season chopped chicken with spices or marinate sauce of your choice .
Leave it for 15 minutes in fridge .
Heat up oil in a frying pan and fried chicken to golden brown .
flour , vegtibal oil , pan , chicken , seasoning of your choice ... ... . .
bam Cut it up wash it first then wash the area around the cooking space .
put eggs in a bowl with salt and pepper and beat for a few seconds with a whisk or beater or fork .
dip chicken cut up in egg mix and then coat with flavored bread crumbs .
Now fry in oil hot but not too hot try sprinkling some water into the oil and it should just start to lightly pop. If it 's smoking you have the heat way to high and can get splashed and injured .
Cook until golden brown and no blood shows when you cut your first piece before eating it .
I like to drain it on paper towels before serving .
if you do n't have it buy a cooking screen at a dollar store saves a messy oil clean up .
a boy is bitten by a posionous snake what should he do ?
Get to a hospital as fast as possible .
The following is a list of things to do while waiting for help if you ca n't get to a hospital immediately .
Wash wound with soap / water Immobilize the affected area Keep area slightly elevated Apply cool compress / wet cloth to affected part Apply a firm bandage 2 - 4 inches above bite to i. Prevent venom from spreading ii.Take care of any bleeding
Read more :
Snake Bites - First Aid and Emergency Treatment Guide
Medindia http://www.medindia.net/patients/Firstaid_Snake_Bites.htm#ixzz1cirnlBmX Go to the hospital contact immediately to health professionals and admit to hospitals a boy is bitten by a posionous snake what should he do ?
He should tie his bite ! !
Then he should eat his own shit so that he could vomit all of the poison .
Or drink his piss .
Or of course he has a phone then call 911 .
I 'm talking about wild life shit .
Cook and eat the snake , it 's the only way .
a boy is bitten by a posionous snake what should he do ?
http://www.ehow.com/video_4399566_first-aid-child-bitten-snake.html a boy is bitten by a posionous snake what should he do ?
grab that snake and bite it back .
That 's what Chuck Noris would do .
Call 911 fast they will tell you what to do GO TO A DOCTOR ! !
how to create a website ?
You can develop a website with java script or you can develop it with www.weebly.com Adobe Dreamweaver .
NO IDEA how to create a website ?
A personal or business homepage can be really easy .
Get an HTML book or find a tutorial online .
This website is very helpful : http://www.w3schools.com .
There is a lot of software that will generate everything for you .
Even MS Word can edit HTML .
Commercial sites are much harder .
Not only do you need HTML , you will also need to know computer programing , which is not a particularly easy subject .
You will also have to deal with server setup and administration including setting up credit cards , which is another difficult subject .
For a commercial site you probably should just get a eBay store .
I think Yahoo and Google have them also .
You really should have given more details about what kind of site .
http://www.weebly.com / The best and easiest way to create a web site with little programming knowledge of CSS ( cascading style sheets ) and other utilities is via Wordpress .
Just go to Wordpress.com and set up a `` blog '' which will allow you to create a web site to your liking .
Once you 've done that , the address for the site will be whatever you named it followed by `` .
wordpress.com '' .
To eliminate that you have to purchase your domain ( ie : www.iamcool.com or whatever ) either with Wordpress ( $ 17/yr ) or somewhere else and adjust your settings in Wordpress to have it be the main site .
Then , boom , you 're good .
To avoid spam mail and tons of sales calls , I 'd recommend shelling out the $ 15 or so dollars it costs to make your host information private .
You may also need to pay Wordpress for more storage space if you intend to use more than 3GB .
what are 10 ways to make money ?
http://www.ehow.com/list_5481693_easy-ways-make-money.html Here is one way to make money
http://agent.icamz.com/Model.php?agent=1798 http://www.icamz.com/index.php?agent=1798
You can either become a model or an agent .
how to make a teddy bear ?
there is a shop in plaza sing that teaches you how to . .
go check it out !
and i presume its not for eating ?
Build - a - bear workshop !
knit it with wool how to make a teddy bear ?
http://www.ehow.com/how_2257886_make-teddy-bear.html how to make a teddy bear ?
http://www.ehow.com/how_2257886_make-teddy-bear.html how to make a teddy bear ?
http://www.ehow.com/how_2257886_make-teddy-bear.html Go to build a bear : ) Humans are 10,000 times more sexually active that what animal ?
what are 10 videos sites ?
YouTube Xtube YouPorn Xhamster Vimeo ThatGuywiththeGlasses Cinemassacre IGN Gamespot and Humiliation.me ( if you 're into that kinda thing ) what are 10 videos sites ?
http://websearch.about.com/od/imagesearch/tp/popularvideosites.htm Roosevelt won the 1932 election - who lost it ?
Where can I find a colombian restaurant near s georgia ?
I am looking also to buy sol chocolate to buy Google it !
I just did and got a few hits .
Order La bandeja Paisa !
What is the height of Mt. Everest ?
Mount Everest has a peak at 8,848 metres ( 29,029 ft ) above sea level 8848m Any good Sushi Restaurants in Houston ?
Are there any good Sushi Restaurants in Houston other than RA with great customer service and quality food ?
Price is not a factor neither is location outside surrounding areas in Houston .
Thank You very much for yall 's input .
Kata Robata Soma Sushi OMG you HAVE to go to Little tokyo in Pasedena or theres the hibachi grill YUM What is a good restaurant to take someone for their birthday dinner in Roswell , Georgia ?
My friend is turning 18 and I want to take her to a restaurant for a nice dinner .
Not insanely expensive , but atmospheric with great food .
A place where you can have great conversations about life .
We 're in the suberbs of Atlanta ( Roswell / Marietta ) At your age , you do n't want to spend a whole bunch of money ... .
so while the steak places in Roswell are good , they 'll be costly .
Do you ever go to Old Canton Street ?
There are a number of fun , casual restaurants -- also cute boutiques on the strip to go to afterward .
I like Inc. and Fickle Pickle .
If you want to try something a bit different , Shallots has wonderful all you can eat sushi on Wednesday and Thursday nights @ $ 20 , as well as regular menu items at less than $ 15 .
India Chef is n't the best Indian restaurant , but it 's not bad -- and you can always find discount coupons .
( You can too , for Fickle Pickle . )
My favorite Thai place is on Alpharetta Highway :
Thai House .
No matter where you go , your friend will be delighted that you think enough of her to treat her to dinner .
Oh -- one last thought :
Aqua Blue offers a free 2 pound lobster to the birthday person .
You 'd have to pre-register her .
The problem though is that other menu items will be probably more than you 'll want to spend .
http://www.yelp.com/biz/stoney-river-legendary-steaks-roswell-2#hrid:cOl7QXcWk2GBFxznJarXlw I would take her to Aspen 's in east Cobb or Chicago 's in Roswell / east Cobb .
Both are on Shallowford Rd. My two favorite restaurants .
Bistro VG on Hwy 92 is very good too .
Italian Restaurants in KC , MO ?
The best Italian restaurant in the KCMO area is Zio 's .
It 's on 39th Street really close to Independence Center .
It is simply fabulous !
I love the Macaroni Grill too , but it 's in Kansas , over near Shawnee .
If you want good Italian food , go to Zio 's .
you will go back and back and back .
Try these :
Brio Tuscan Grille http://www.brioitalian.com/index.html Cascone 's http://cascones.com / Garozzo 's Ristorante http://www.garozzos.com / I have heard that Garrazo 's is good .
I have also been to Cascone 's and it is not bad , but the best Italian restaurant in the area is actually on 40 Highway in Independence , called V 's Italian Ristorante .
It is not a chain like Zio 's , Macaroni Grill , and Olive Garden and has been around for over 40 years .
The food is delicious , it has a quiet elegant atmosphere and after all these years still draws a crowd .
Where can someone learn to cook Chinese food in Sydney ?
no need to do that , if you are interesting , I will help you to search some video on the website.I am chinese girl , and now just online we can learn many dishes Um. . .
Sorry but i could only find Japanese lessons in Sydney , i hope it helps you , here is the information down below :
Japanese Restaurant Lessons ... .
These weekend 5 hour Japanese Cooking Classes are held in Sydney and are designed to teach you how to cook beautiful traditional and modern Japanese soy cooking whilst allowing you to experience a taste of the Japanese lifestyle .
We will be preparing 6 dishes .
VISIT : : : http://www.freemanxexperience.com.au/gourmet-gifts/japanese-cooking-class-sydney-nsw/836 /
Conditions
Vouchers are valid for 6 months from the date of purchase
Valid for 1 person
Voucher can be exchanged / transferred
Bookings are essential & are subject to availability
The Experience These weekend 5 hour Japanese Cooking Classes are held in Sydney and are designed to teach you how to cook beautiful traditional and modern Japanese soy cooking whilst allowing you to experience a taste of the Japanese lifestyle .
We will be preparing 6 dishes including fresh tofu made from soybeans .
To create a truly authentic experience our tableware is all direct from Japan and the settings are made to feel truly Japanese .
These classes are intimate , '' hands on `` and include a full Japanese meal with sake anJapanesese organic tea ( sencya and kukicya ) All you need to do is bring yourselves and an apron as everything is provided for you on the day . Copies of all the recipes will be provided . You will also take away okara to make the trendy okara sweets at home straight away !
Japanese Workshop Menu ( please note that this menu will vary on any given day )
Brown NoriRoll :
We 'll make various kinds of sushi rolls with brown rice and tofu fillings .
Fillings are teriyaki tofu , vegies , seaweed salad and Japanese pickles such as ginger , plum ( umeboshi ) and radish ( takuan ) .
And tuna with tofu mayonnaise .
We 'll make the mayonnaise from tofu and olive oil .
Home made tofu :
Let 's eat tofu freshly made from soybeans .
It 's called hiyayakko and it 's cold tofu served with several toppings and soy sauce .
It 's the simplest and the most popular tofu dish in Japan !
Edamame and prawn tempura with green tea salt :
This is a typical Japanese dish .
Sure , it 's a deep - fried dish , but a little bit of fat wo n't kill us , right ?
Spinach tossed with tofu and sesame dressing :
Preparing traditional food is sometimes so time consuming but I made this traditional dish in a much easier way and I think its taste better than the traditional version .
Green tea soy custard :
This recipe uses soymilk but you ca n't taste the soymilk at all .
Enjoy it with Japanese traditional black syrup
Soy bean powder and red bean okara cake :
Okara is the ivory pulp that is a by product of tofu.There 's no butter or oil in this recipe but you 'll be amazed how soft , moist and tasty it is .
This cake is gluten free.Okara is the ivory pulp that is a by product of tofu .
Where is the best affordable place to live in the Dallas / Ft Worth area ?
We are a young couple in our early twenties who have a two year old and a dog .
We both will have full time jobs ( he works at sprint and I work at aaron 's ) so I would like an area with great daycares or babysitters close by .
Preferably an apartment that is kid friendly and pet friendly .
Any help is much appreciated !
I 'm a little biased because I think anyone who lives in DFW is either a Fort Worth person or a Dallas person , and I am definitely a Fort Worth person .
I would suggest Fort Worth , Arlington , or some of the smaller suburbs west of Fort Worth .
I love Fort Worth !
It 's a safe city with plenty of things to do and a lot of friendly people .
There are lots of places for family activities including the recently renovated Fort Worth Museum of Science and History , the Stock Show and Rodeo , and the Fort Worth Zoo .
There are also tons of great places for Mom and Dad 's date night !
I 'm not a big fan of Dallas .
I think it is generally overpriced for anything , you have really dangerous neighborhoods right next to really nice ones , and an understaffed police force .
Dallas ISD is constantly in the news for assorted problems , the people are n't friendly , and they all drive crazy ( seriously , you can tell you are getting close to Dallas because you become scared of all the cars around you ) .
The nice suburbs are very expensive and filled with pretentious stay - at - home moms in designer jeans .
Best of luck on your home hunt !
mansfield , tx it is south of arlington and 25 minutes from fort worth .
Mansfield ISD has great schools .
Great daycares and churches .
I am a mom of a 3 yr old and 7 month old .
You are far away from the crime but close enough to get to the fort worth zoo , ranger ballpark , cowboy stadium , american airlines center ( concerts ) , in 30 minutes .
How much is dinner at Fogo de Chao on the Plaza ?
I checked Zagat and they estimate $ 56 per person ( base on one entre , one drink and tip ) so for two people I would plan to spend approximately $ 125 ( at a minimum ) .
If you plan on having an appertizer , dessert or more than one drink it will obviously go above the $ 125 .
http://www.fogodechao.com / It 's very spendy .
That is what my exboyfriend , Monty , used to say .
Then again , he divorced his wife for spending his money , and she made more money than him .
What a wienerschnitzel !
I dumped him .
Buh bye , Monty !
Any Vegas regulars or locals know of any GOOD inexpensive paces to eat on the strip ?
We have not been to Vegas in almost 10 years .
We will be going in Dec FINALLY ! ! ! !
It seems like lots of places have gone HIGH END as far as food goes .
Any suggestions for good , but `` normal '' food ? ? ?
Not just the buffets .
Thanks .
We 're staying at Harrahs if that helps There is a place called Burger bar in the shops between Mandalay Bay and Luxor that is excellent .
Try to go there , especially if you like burgers .
There is a mexican place in New York , New York that is reasonable with good mexican food and margaritas .
In Tropicana there was a place ( have n't been there in a year or so ) that had a good , very reasonably priced breakfast .
There is also a food court in Ceasars that is pretty good and reasonably priced .
Enjoy your trip .
I was there last month and wish I was going with you !
Edit add :
The Grand Lux at the Venetian and Palazzo is excellent and prices OK .
It is owned by Cheesecake Factory and absolutely beautiful decor at reasonable prices for what they serve .
Depends what you call reasonable .
It happens that the Strip prices are higher than off - strip .
Maggiano 's is a great Italian restaurant , that 's not cheap , but does have a great night view across from the Venetian and servings are large .
Treasure Island is catering to a middle class crowd now and their prices came down .
There is a mall attached to Planet Hollywood with several restaurants in it that are priced OK .
For seafood I like McCormick and Schmick 's at Paradise and Flamingo that if you share a cab is not that expensive but it is in no way a cheap restaurant - just much better value than on - strip .
There are a few burger places now .
The bus and monorail go up and down the strip to get from top to bottom , and a mile south of Mandalay Bay is Town Square Mall with a few nice restaurants at decent prices .
The bus goes there .
You are on vacation , so usually should be aiming a little higher standard than at home , but can skip the 4 and 5 star top dollar places .
The Cosmopolitan Buffet is worth the $ 30 as an experience .
Menus and more detail of above easily found in web searches .
You will pay resort corridor prices when eating in any of the hotel , casinos .
If you rent a car , I can give you tons of places that have good stuff and affordable .
I live in Henderson so I go to these places .
I will list a few Village Pub with many locations in Clark County Robertos Taco Shop , many locations in Clark County Tuscany Villa in Hednerson , great eating .
Station Casinos - six or seven resorts and they have some marvelous buffets and cafes .
Food is great .
And Texas D Brazil at the Town Square mall. , 2 miles south of the Mandalay Bay .
$ 45 but if you like meat , this is the place to gorge yourself .
What part of Australia has the best food ?
The most awarded and recognised restaurants are Bilson 's , Est , Marque , Quay and Sepia in Sydney and Attica , Jacques Reymond , Royal Mail Hotel and Vue de Monde in Melbourne .
However all the major cities and many regional towns have excellent dining .
Here in Tasmania we have some of the finest produce anywhere most notable our seafood and cool climate wines Sydney and Melbourne !
:-) \ \ / / Australia has many places to dine .
I think the best food is available at Sydney , Melbourne and Cairns .
Are Muscle Beach and Hot Dog on a Stick the same company ?
Las Vegas Seafood Buffet ?
Where is the best place for Seafood Buffet at Las Vegas ...
How much do they cost The Rio on Friday night is well known as one of the best .
Silverton also has one , you have to check the web page , as the night changes often .
Sunday night at Mandalay Bay - wow , they have some great seafood .
And it is run as a special , Green Valley Ranch has an off the hook Seafood buffet that is featured on its advertising marquee .
So , you have to drive by , or check the web page .
It is usually offered during the spring around Easter to Mother 's Day .
I far prefer the sit down dinner at McCormick and Schmick 's at Paradise and Flamingo .
There is a seafood buffet at the Rio and they discount with the slot club and I think Restaurant.Com often carries discount .
The regular price is $ 29 + tax .
Correct that - I saw $ 38 , so the $ 29 might be after discount .
You can dig around for the $ 10 off coupon .
Go to the Cosmopolitan buffet instead .
Much better presentation , great food .
They have enough seafood on it .
M Resort and Spa 's buffet is really good , but it 's seafood buffet is only available on weekends .
Also it 's a bit further down Las Vegas Blvd. It 's about $ 35 .
Amazing food , and so many more choices than other buffets I 've tried .
It 's worth taking a cab and trying it out .
friend 21th birthday next week . .
need help ! ?
i need some suggestion on places to eat . .
would prefer steamboat n bbq . .
cheap and affordable .
any suggestion .
less den $ 30 ( two pax ) OLD AIRPORT road food centre or the coffeeshops at OLD AIRPORT road or TANJONG KATONG or GEYLANG or SIMS AVENUE or GEYLANG or HAID road or GEYLANG
cheapest and BEST and cheapest try the mini steamboats at most shopping mall 's kopitiam ?
Where is a 24hr laundrymat in dallas ?
There 's this AWESOME site called Yahoo .
You can search this same EXACT question on that site .
P.S .
You are in Dallas .
You should only be washing ranch clothing every few months , right ?
What should I see in Vienna , Austria if I am there for a day ?
I am going there for two nights and so will have a full day there .
Is it best just to see the old inner city and walk around and have coffee ?
I also want to go for a run and saw there is an area called Favoriten that someone recommended .
Is there anywhere nice to run there as well ?
Anywhere from a 2 mile to a 10 mile run would be fine .
If it incorporates recommended sites to see , that is even better .
Thanks .
You definitely do have to see the inner city , and I would highly recommend paying for the elevator to go up the tower of St. Stephan 's Cathedral .
The view is awesome .
The Favoriten area is undoubtedly a nice place to run , but I would recommend two other areas I like better .
One is the Prater ( park and amusement park ) , the other is the park of Schoenbrunn castle ( that would be where I would run if I were a runner -- which my husband is , so I know ) .
I will add some web sites after I post this -- my computer is a bit colicky and sometimes loses everything if I go back and forth .
Edit :
Lovely views ( plus map ) of the Prater : http://www.everytrail.com/view_trip.php?trip_id=451790 Schoenbrunn : http://www.schoenbrunn.at/en/things-to-know/tour-through-the-park.html
I know both of those places can easily be reached by subway .
Bgmn pengelolaan yg optimal lahan produktif dataran tinggi seluas 10ha utk pertanian sayur ?
kalau lahan seluas 10ha , hasilnya akam maksimal jika bisa mengolahnya . .
butuh sdm dan modal yang sangat besar ... coba cari refrensi tentang sayuran hidroponik , memang awal2 ( modalnya besar ) tetapi sebanding dengan hasil yang didapat ... semoga membantu I have no idea what you just said.Let 's try Googe translate , brb .
So I got this ...
Bgmn reply optimal management of the productive land area of ​ ​ 10ha for highland vegetable farming ?
Yeah , good luck .
i sent cargo boxes trough stargate international cargo from sharjah , dubai 3 mos ago .
how can i contact them ?
they are not answering my calls anymore ! ! !
dj = - Stargate International Cargo LLC P.O.Box : 29942 , Sharjah Tel : +971 6 5661371 They also have an office in Dubai - http://bee4.biz/v/T_NCB Waikiki ( Hawaii ) :
Any suggestions for dining out ?
I 'm looking for a dining out place within the Waikiki area that 's pretty popular amongst the locals and reasonable .
It 's for a party of ten .
Any suggestions ?
Thank you very much in advance : ) When is it going to start snowing in Austria ?
I ski in the area surrounding sankt johann im pongau ( salzburg , Austria ) for christmas and new year .
Having looked at the weather reports , it 's still about 16 - 18 degrees !
I 'm not sure if this is normal for the beginning of november or not ?
So i was wondering if anybody has any ideas on when it 's going to get cold / start snowing Thanks !
I know you are interested in Salzburg , but I was in Kaernten ( Carinthia ) in September , and we already had snow on top of the Koralm the day I left .
My relatives tell me it has snowed in the valley three times since then .
So if your favorite Sankt anton is still lacking snow at Christmas , check out the Koralm ( http://www.koralpe.com / ) .
My crazy nephew who seems to have a death wish when it comes to skiing and paragliding likes it for both .
Austria always has some good plces to ski somewhere for Christmas .
hard to tell from year to year .
But have a look here for a good statistical comparison :
http://www.yr.no/place/Austria/Salzburg/Sankt_Johann_im_Pongau/statistics.html
while far from a '' given '' , I think you could count on snow for Christmas , especially up in the hills .
Any day how to get hired at planet hollywood orlando ?
Fill out the application and then hope that they need you right away .
Good luck .
sleep with the hiring manager preface of hotel visit in annapurna ?
preface of hotel annapurna in nepal Ask taxi driver to visit in annapurna .
De l ' Annapurna Adam Avidan 4
This is a very nice , family run guesthouse in Chame village ( Annapurna Circuit ) which is located between the trek starting point - Besisahar to the `` acclimatization village '' - Manang .
It is located at the heart of the village , the restaurant is very good , the staff ( which is the whole family ) are friendly , kind and helpful .
The rooms are basic , with comfortable beds and there 's hot shower ( not in the room ) which is not so common in these areas ...
It is really recommended !
exchange student in Switzerland help please ... ?
I want to go to Switzerland next year as an exchange student .
I know a little bit German .
Do people speak English well there ?
And how much money will i need for a month ?
switzerland is a really rich country , can you give examples of the food and clothing prices there ?
Yes , most people speak very good English in Switzerland , especially University students , but your life will be easier if you also know some German - and people will appreciate it if you put some effort into learning their language : )
University students would normally need up to 1800 frs per month to live well , but it depends on the place in live in .
Geneva is very expensive , so is Zurich , whereas smaller cities like Bern are less expensive .
You can expect to pay as much as 900 frs per month in rent ( you can halve that if you 're living with someone else ) , another 400 frs per month in insurance ( it 's compulsory , your university counsellor will advise you about this ) .
University cafeterias are normally very cheap - you can have a good lunch for maybe 5 or 7 frs , but in restaurants you will normally spend 20 or 30 frs .
The best thing to do , as everywhere , is cook .
By shopping at farmers ' markets and supermarkets , you will need about 150 - 200 frs per month , unless you 're planning to live on white rice .
: )
Clothes ... it really varies , obviosuly , between luxury shops and normal shops .
Most supermarkets also sell good quality clothes - think trousers for 30 frs and shirts for 20 frs and up .
You will need good , comfy shoes and a warm coat !
You should also factor in buses and tram - it 's almost impossible to live in the big cities without a travel card .
Monthly , they cost around 90 frs , but it 's a good investment .
In some cities you can move around on a bike if you 're good with it ( Zurich has so many trams and stuff , I would n't like to cycle there ) , but others are hilly , and cycling in the winter is a miserable experience anyway .
And forget about cars - we have narrow streets and closed city centres , so parking is impossible and very expensive .
If you 're planning to move around a lot and you have some cash , you can buy a ' general pass ' valid on every transportation - very handy , but it costs about 3000 frs ...
If you 're short on cash , remember that Switzerland is expensive but salaries are high - half - time as a supermarket cashier will earn you 1500 frs per month , so if you need the cash , go for it .
Welcome and have a good time !
French , German , Italian and Romanse are spoken in Switzerland .
The most common will depend exactly where in Switzerland you are .
Most Swiss citizens are multilingual and most have at least a working knowledge of English as well .
Your problem is likely to be your studies as the schools and collages do not normally hold classes in English .
English is certainly spoken in Switzerland , particularly in the tourist areas .
But in school , the classes will be in German - Swiss .
In some areas , French will be the predominate language .
such as the Geneva area .
Where can I find a Bao in Dallas ?
While I was in Chicago , I ate at a place called Wow Bao and I was blown away .
Now I 'm back in Dallas and I ca n't find one anywhere !
I 've tried like 10 different Chinese restaurants .
Can y'all please give me any restaurant or grocery store that sells them ?
Looking for romantic dinner with dance floor around Denver Colorado .
Can you help me find nice restaurants ?
It 's our anniversary this Sunday , and my other half would like to have dinner - along with classy romantic dancing .
Thanks !
Try The Palm .
I heard they may have something happening but on a Sunday I 'm not sure .
I love going on dates at Jonesy 's on 20th and Logan .
Booth at the bar is my favorite .
Ball - in - a - cup attachment to someones glasses ?
hi , i just saw on tv someone playing ball in a cup or cup ball but with a difference .
it was attatched to his glasses and i was wondering if anyone knew where i can buy one from yes at Ball in a Cup and Glasses R Us CoolStoryBro No I do n't who made St Genevieve a saint ?
http://www.answers.com/topic/genevieve What is the Riesling wine that they serve in Chandelier Bar in Cosmopolitan Hotel , Las Vegas ?
I had the Riesling wine in Cosmo a few days ago , but I forgot to ask the name of it .
Does anyone know which one they serve there ?
Thanks !
Chandelier Bar has a good wine list , which means they probably have several Reislings , and they 're probably changing too .
Unless you luck out with someone actually knowing THE Reisling you were drinking , you 're best off giving them a call and asking for the sommelier .
The wine person is more likely to know than anyone , and sommeliers are usually always happy to talk to you about wine .
I am looking for good tamales in my area ( Apopka , Altamonte , Casselberry , Winter park FL ) any suggestions ?
San Jose Original Mexican Restaurant in Altamonte ( by the Wal Mart on SR434 )
Taco Reindo on Main St. in Apopka
Colibri Mexican Restaurant in Baldwin Park Try Emiliano'Z - on 436 west of 434 - Used to be a Shell 's best restaurant hood cleaning company in San Jose , Oakland , bay area area ?
there are a lot of them try bay area fire protection .
they also service kitchen fire suppression and fire extinguisher as well .
http://www.bayareafireprotections.com / What 's a good place to go for cheap drinks in chicago on a Sat night ?
http://thirdrailtavern.com/bar.html
It 's just a bar with nice food , no frills , in the West Loop near a number of other great bars .
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=ApFxSRpr0DE74zPeuTV8oa6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=bars&ycatfilt=96926057&csz=Chicago%2C+IL&sortby=topresults I enjoy Hala Kahiki in river grove
Nice mellow cheap and nobody bugs you bt da waitress lol does Adam young have any private profile / id on any social networking site ?
im not asking for any page or fake id ... ... . .
( Adam young / owl city ) JUst want to know whether his personal profile exist or not ... ... . .
whether on twitter , facebook , orkut etc. etc. if u know then please do tell me or post his link ... please help !
He 's obviously got a myspace ... myspace.com / owlcity
If you 're looking for a reply , send him a message on there , he 's known to reply .
Also : twitter.com / owlcity
And he 's got a facebook :
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1053032058
Aside from that , I do n't know .
Where can I get my iPhones faceplates changed to white in Longview Washington ?
Seafood ( Fish & Chips ) Restaurant Delivery in Seattle ?
I just moved to the Aspira building in downtown Seattle ( Belltown ) .
So far , I 've found several dozen pizza and Chinese restaurants that deliver .
I 've also found a ton of seafood restaurants , but not a single one of them seems to offer delivery !
This is shocking , considering that Seattle is a well - known seafood destination .
If you search for seafood delivery , you 'll notice it 's extremely common in cities throughout the U.S. But not a single one in Seattle ? !
I find that very difficult to believe .
Thus far , I 've been searching on Google and Yelp with no luck .
What I 'm looking for is a restaurant that makes fish & chips and offers delivery .
I do n't have a lot of time in my off hours so delivery is a MUST !
There has to be at least one such restaurant and I 'm just not finding it .
People who know Seattle better than I do would probably be able to suggest something that an internet search wo n't find .
Does anybody know if there 's a restaurant that delivers fish & chips to the downtown Seattle area ?
P.S .
Please , no suggestions that I `` just walk or take the bus '' .
I 'm already aware of that option so if that 's your only answer , please do n't post it here .
I 'm only interested in DELIVERY ( for various personal and medical reasons ; please do n't ask ) .
Thanks !
It looks like nobody knows the answer .
Fortunately , I stumbled upon the answer a few minutes ago while ordering pizza !
It appears that Pronto Pizza & Pasta offers lots of other dishes , including burgers , sandwiches , and , yes , fish & chips !
You can even choose between cod or halibut ( I went with the halibut , of course ) .
The one negative part of the experience was that their minimum order is $ 15 for Belltown and $ 25 for zip code 98101 .
Thing is , I 'm both .
I 'm at the northeastern tip of Belltown ( http://clerk.seattle.gov/~public/nmaps/html/NN-1247S.htm ) but my zip code is also 98101 .
Guess what they said the minimum order would be ?
$ 25 .
So I had to order a small pizza as well even though I did n't want one .
Next time I 'll send them a link to the city clerk 's atlas map to show that we are indeed located in Belltown .
Anyway , despite that annoying issue , the guy on the phone was n't a jerk about it or anything .
The food has n't arrived yet so I do n't know if it 's any good or not .
H @ BRB Do these restaurants deliver ?
Tea Garden -- they call it fried tilapia , same thing though Anthony 's Fish Bar Six Seven Restaurant & Lounge Tap House Grill --
They call it halibut and chips Eastlake Bar and Grill
Hoped I helped ! ! !
These are some of my favorite places ! !
Yes they deliver ! ! ! !
And they are in the belltown area Are there any good hookah bars around Houston , TX that do n't card you ?
I 'm just curious .
I usually get in just by going with people that are old enough to actually rent a hookah but it 'd be nice to go by myself once in a while .
Do n't care if you say it 's bad or something like that .
It 's been a while since I 've been underage , but I used to go to Antoine 's on 1960 & Veterans Memorial .
I do n't know if they still do n't card ( it 's been about 4 years ) , but I know they 're still awesome !
No. They will card you if you go alone or not .
Would you be offended if an experimentalist asked you :
So where are your Higgs , Boson ?
.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9e157Ner90
.
.
I have a feeling the LHC might have a decent chance of finding the missing Kardashian Boson , responsible for the Spontaneous Intellectual Breaking in the SHM .
:
D
LHC = Large Hadron Collider
Kardashian Boson -- a.k.a. The Goddess Particle
SHM = Standard Hollywood Model
Just an accelerator joke , folks !
.
Who you callin a Boson ? ? ?
I 'd be puzzled .
The experimentalist most likely to ask me this IS the Higgs to my Boson .
He is the electromagnetic wave that excites me .
He is the strong force that leaves me weak in the knees .
He has been my elegant theory , my ubiquitous field for 35 years now .
Without him , my particles would fail to be fundamental .
Needless to say , I would be missing him were he not in my quantum field .
No , no offense taken !
I 'd say with a straight face , `` In my bosom ! ''
Click my heels and leave with head held high !
: ) ) Can I drive in Switzerland with an Australian provisional license ?
I am going on holidays to Switzerland and was wondering if i will be able to drive with my Provisional Australian license ?
I know I do not need an international drivers permit , and i am also 18 .
do n't think so , my dad 's from switzerland and had to get a new one when he moved to australia
also because they drive on the other side of the road , i guess you 'd have to learn all the road rules i do n't think so ... .
get one new Do people in brazil have dvd players that play american dvds ?
It might sound like a stupid question , but I honestly do n't know .
1 ) DO they have dvd players ?
2 ) If so , are they able to play american dvds I am giving my pen pal in Rio De Janeiro a dvd off amazon on american culture , loves american culture , and he speaks English , but i do n't know if he will be able to use it , help please , thanks !
ps. please dont call me stupid or anything , it might sound dumb , but im not from there and i havnt been there ... thanks !
If you were to take the DVD and convert it in your computer to MP4 format and then save that MP4 format to a blank DVD then your friend will be able to watch it .
The other option is to send it to him and he may be able to watch it on the computer itself as opposed to in a DVD Player .
As was explained , Brazil is not only in a different region but they are on the PAL - B video system as opposed to NTSC even though with the conversion to digital , this is changing .
Is n't it funny that you 're American and buying something for a Brazilian off a site that is named after a famous river that flows through Brazil ?
Just found that funny .
Good luck and a very nice gesture .
Yes , Brazil has DVD players .
No , they will not play most US DVDs .
The reason is that for some dumb reason , DVDs are divided into 6 regions .
Each region has its own DVD code .
The US and Canada are in Region 1 .
Brazil is in Region 4 .
A handful of DVDs are not coded to any particular region and will work in any DVD player in the world , unfortunately they are the exception and not the rule .
Any recommended restaurants in the las Vegas strip . ?
me and my fiance are turing one more year in our relationship , and we were planing to out to a fancy restaurant or romantic dinner .
We recently just moved here and I wanted to go to a restaurant in the strip or inside a casino the only one i know about is the cheese cake factory inside cesar palace ( please no mc ' donald or fast food ) TONS of restaurants ! !
Brand at the Monte Carlo is amazing , i work at MC .
MGM Grand has great restaurants , French - L `` atelier , steak - Craftsteak , sushi - Shibuya .
Ceasars has Joes Seafood .
Bouchon at Venetian is great .
These all may be a little pricey .
Depends on how much you are looking to spend .
Brio at town square is also delicious and great prices and a great happy hour .
go to the cheese cake factory and order the louisiana bourbon steak it was my favorite when i was there .
The steak house inside of Monte Carlo is amazing .
The casino itself is kind of a dump .
But the restaurant was amazing .
Beware , it 's rather expensive .
what 's the best ethiopian restaurant in los angeles to take two of my female coworkers , one of which i 'm inter ?
i really like this girl and i want to take her to a place that has good food and a quiet environment so i can get to know her better .
Messob Ethiopian Resturaunt We would like to recommend on this Ethiopian restaurant which is not in LA ( apologize ) but is in NYC East Village , it 's called Awash .
Really nice warm atmosphere and delicious food .
We had the vegetarian injera with all the combinations - really tasty .
This dish is also vegan by the way and it 's very healthy .
Link of the restaurant : http://www.ethiopianrestaurant.com/newyork/awash_downtown.html
For free healthy vegan and vegetarian recipes go to : www.TwoVeganCooks.com Gabys camera pawn shop address in singapore ?
i want to pawn my canon d600 .
let me see pawn shop address pls http://www.streetdirectory.com/businessfinder/company/1873/Pawn_Shop / 213 Bedok North St 1 , # 01 - 121 , Singapore 460213 .
Tel 65 64486686 Where are some good bar 's in Melbourne ?
Is there any good bars in Melbourne ?
I do n't know of any bar 's in the city and would like to know if there are any good ones ?
That are n't overly expensive .
Plenty just get onto Google and search .
Unlike Sydney you do n't need to be gay to get into them .
Nothing good i melbourne , go to Sydney damn man just go there & yoll find Best Chinese Buffet In Fort Worth ?
Looking for the absolute best chinese buffet in Fort Worth ... .
even a very good one is worth mentioning ... . .
So , do you know of any ?
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=ApFxSRpr0DE74zPeuTV8oa6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=restaurants&ycatfilt=96926164&csz=Fort+Worth%2C+TX&sortby=topresults well your two state away what a weird way to look !
what is this time zone change ?
i have a best friend in brazil and the time change has always been 4 hours ( i 'm from california ) .
but then they had day light savings and now they 're five hours ahead .
but we 're having day light savings and going an hour BACK so we 'll be 6 hours apart .
how long will this be for ?
when is it going to even out ? ?
Perfect explanation above .
Ca n't do any better than that .
My wife 's family lives in Brasilia and we live in Washington DC. For 6 months of the year there is only an hour difference but with our changing the clocks last night and Brazil doing it 3 weeks ago , makes us 3 hours apart .
Makes it just enough to ruin someone 's sleep or vice versa .
Since Brazil is in the southern hemisphere , their seasons are the reverse of those in the US .
At around the same time the US falls back an hour in the fall ( as it did today ) , Brazil is springing forward an hour in the spring .
Strangely , Brazil and the US do n't do this on the same day , which is what causes the brief five - hour difference , but in general you 'll be six hours apart for the next six months , and then after another brief five - hour period , you 'll be back to a four - hour difference for another six months .
what is Occupy wall street ?
http://video.search.yahoo.com/search/video?p=occupy+wall+street+movement noone knows .
the first demand they came up with yesterday was for obama to step down so they can install their own leader .
i was shocked .
Its a protes group that complained about the high class having lots of $ $ and how the government does not care , or something like that what is Occupy wall street ?
http://video.search.yahoo.com/search/video?p=occupy+wall+street+movement http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occupy_Wall_Street it 's a large protest festival where people complain about 10f the population controlling the majority of the money in America .
that 's why people say `` we are the 99 % '' what is Occupy wall street ?
http://video.search.yahoo.com/search/video?p=occupy+wall+street+movement A lot of folks are trying to take down the big companies and change the way they hurt common people and give the top echelon huge bonuses .
what are 10 things ppl always complain abt ?
ERP Rising HDB prices COE Cash Condo Credit Card Kiasu - ism Car Country Club Membership Political Imbalance farts , dog poop , pollution , price rise , addiction , clean toilet etc. http://www.yanowhatimean.com/tuesday/?p=181 a boy is bitten by a poisonous snake what should he do ?
DIE a boy is bitten by a poisonous snake what should he do ?
nothing what are 10 things ppl are scared of ?
Chickens Monkeys Spiders Sharks Lizards Dead things Bears Wolves Coyotes Rhinos http://www.theaccidentalcommunicator.com/tag/top-10-things-people-are-scared-of a boy is bitten by a poisonous snake what should he do ?
- Stay calm , sit or lie down , and stay still .
Avoid moving the part of your body where you were bitten .
Too much movement may help spread the venom to other parts of your body .
- Remove items on your body near the bite to prevent problems if swelling happens .
This includes tight - fitting clothing and jewelry items such as rings , watches , and arm and ankle bracelets .
- Keep the bitten area below the level of your heart .
If the bite is on your arm or leg , immobilize the limb with a splint if possible .
- See a caregiver right away .
Do not wait until you have symptoms before seeing a caregiver .
- Things you should not do :
Do not cut into the wound , or apply suction to try and remove the venom .
Do not use tourniquets , or apply heat , cold , or electric shock to the bite area .
- Anti-venom :
This is the main treatment for poisonous snake bites .
Most , but not all , poisonous snake bites need this treatment .
This is most effective if given within four hours after you are bitten .
It neutralizes the venom in your body , preventing it from causing more damage .
You may need more than one dose of anti-venom .
People who are allergic to papaya or other vaccines may be allergic to anti-venom .
Tell your caregiver if you are allergic to any of these or have other allergies or medical conditions .
- Wound care :
Your bite wound will be cleaned with soap , water , and germ - killing solutions .
This helps wash away germs which may be in the wound , and decrease the chances of infection .
If the wound area of tissue damaged by venom becomes large , surgical cleaning may be done .
Damaged and dead tissues from the wound will be removed with surgical cleaning .
a boy is bitten by a poisonous snake what should he do ?
Hospitals and clinics are always within reach in Singapore .
Quickly rush him to nearest doctor and he will be safe .
http://www.couriermail.com.au/news/queensland/a-guide-to-what-to-do-about-snake-bite/story-e6freoof-1226185226111 a boy is bitten by a poisonous snake what should he do ?
go to the doctors or put olive oil on it .
Do n't become panic .
First he should tie a cloth tightly above the bitten area.If he can reach the area from his mouth , He should suck the poison from his mouth and spit it out for several times .
Americans love Brazil ?
I know that Brazil is famous for being the happiest people in the world and more partying .
I wonder if the American people have wanted to know Brazil ?
what they think of Brazil ?
Americans love BRAZIL ?
: ) 50 years ago , Rio was the second most popular destination for American Vacations , Hawaii was first .
Over the years , Americans discretionary income declined and the American people stopped taking vacations abroad .
Todays generation knows very little about Brazil and it 's people .
Most of the Americans only know where Brazil is located because they were taught that in school , otherwise they know almost nothing about the peoples of Brazil and only know the Amazon Forest is being cut down which reduces the amount of CO2 cleaned out of the air by vegetation .
No , Americans love their country , Im not American , but I like Brazil , I only love my country .
Im a 100 % Red White and Blue Yankee Patriot born and raised in the United States but I absolutely love Brazil .
Every time I 'm there ( normally 3 or 4 times per year ) I meet more and more foreigners , including fellow Americans , that share my passion for Brazil .
Granted , with such a large population , we are a small percentage , but we are there and we have as much passion for Brazil as most Brazilians .
When I think of Brazil the images that immediately come to mind are Christ 's outstretched arms welcoming me to the shores of Rio de Janeiro , Soccer being not a sport but rather a religion in Brazil , incredible music from Samba to Axe to Pagode to Sertaneja , beautiful people both inside and out - I could go on and on but you get my point .
Eu adoro o Brasil e sempre estou contando os segundos ate possu voltar de novo .
Any One Ever Worked At Boston Market ?
im 17 and this is my first job , i was called in for interview last week and the same day she called me and told me i was hired and that she wanted me to come in for a orientation , i have a few questions like do they do drug test and what do i where at the orientation and am i going to be the only one at orientation or will there be a group ?
rotameter supplier in Singapore ?
I am looking for rotameter supplier in Singapore can anyone suggest me a supplier able to supply me rotameters which able to measure 0.4liter per min to 2 liter per min under room pressure the solution only up to 60 degree Celsius .
Our budget is limited so hope to find a supplier can offer me 4 cheap rotameters .
http://www.alibaba.com/suppliers/rotameter-supplier.html Has anyone climbed to the base camp of Mt Everest ?
What was that experience like ?
I 'm on break from uni and am currently thinking about going over there with a friend .
Base camp is not the peak its the base land of Mt. Everest which is trekked and the experience is like ... . .
its unimaginabale ... ... a kind of feeling like why not conquer to the peak of Everest ... ... .
There are five such camps - which one are you talking about ?
It is great fun and an awesome experiences .
I want to move to Brazil ?
I 'm 16 years old , i 'm Brazilian / American I want to go live in Brazil when i 'm 18 and have finished high school . .
I 'm also thinking about doing flight attendant training here in the U.S. can someone help me , what do i need to go to Brazil , i want a decent job there .
I 'm Brazilian ...
I do n't speak fluently english ...
Then maybe not stay perfectly translated ...
Well , you can move to So Paulo , there are many jobs , But you have to have a college .
Stay away from Rio de Janeiro , is violent .
We need physicians , engineers and all areas of exact sciences ...
You 'll need speak portuguese at least basic , and portuguese it 's difficult , start studying now ok ? !
Good lucky for you !
Bye .
go to Rio de Janeiro Tends dual citizenship is easy is only to buy the passage and to come .
You do not need a visa .
Job is easy if you speak Portuguese , tends a specialty you get job in the hour that to arrive , Take some vocational course and if you have some it experiences better .
In Rio de Janeiro we are living a phase of full job once we are preparing the city for the soccer World cup and for the Olympic Games , the people that dont know Rio de Janeiro they publish the idea that there is a lot of violence for here , do n't take that into account .
what is the cost of a full structural survey in ireland ?
were are thinking of buying a house but we are n't sure of the condition .
How much does it cost in Ireland to get a full survey ?
Any recommendations ?
( Near Dublin . )
Advice for wakeboarding lessons in Ireland ? ! ?
I am looking to get a present for christmas for two people to get wakeboarding lessons in ireland !
They are complete beginners .
I dont want to spend loads of money on the lessons so am basically looking for the best deal out there ( ie a lesson plus decent time behind the boat ! )
Any advice would be appreciated ! !
thanks Hookah bars near Framingham ?
I go to Framingham State University in Framingham , MA and my 18th birthday is coming up .
My friends and I all want to go out to a hookah bar for my birthday and I was wondering where any good hookah places are around the area .
Any suggestions could help , thanks !
Please try reposting your question here : http://answers.yahoo.com/dir/index;_ylt=AkYkt19hW0bYOc0597XDm94jzKIX;_ylv=3?sid=396545597 I seriously doubt anyone in Houston TX will be able to answer your question about anything in Framingham , MA. Good luck .
Google Ask in a local category as Houston TX is pretty far from Framingham MA. Where can I get a Super Beef near Leominster , MA ?
It 's a roast beef sandwich , on an onion roll , with horseradish sauce and cheese .
It 's fricken great , and I ca n't find one anywhere .
I would have to drive an hour back to Boston to get one , and that would be expensive and inconvenient .
What is the cost of a full structural survey in ireland ?
were are thinking of buying a house but we are n't sure of the condition .
How much does it cost in Ireland to get a full survey ?
Any recommendations ?
( Near Dublin . )
I have no recommendations for you but when we had a survey done 2 years ago it cost us 500 for a full report by a chartered structural engineer ( Tipperary area ) .
Why is it that some people 's names on wikipedia are highlighted in dif .
colors ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miley_Cyrus http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerry_Seinfeld http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barack_Obama
its not by occupation or anything bc obama and zac efron are both white .
why is this ?
ive always been curious .
literally on the top right when it says their name and a picture underneath , the name is highlighted in a color .
why ?
The info box templates have colour coded headings for relevant groupings , for example , solo singers , bands etc. Have no idea what you 're talking about What does this mean portuguese ?
What does this mean .
Nao e de verdade ?
I do n't need to use a translator just to get 2 points .
If someone tells you they have $ 2,000,000,000 in the bank and they 'd like to give it to you .
Nao e de verdade .
That 's not true , or literally No its not of truth .
Nao e de verdade means `` it is not true '' It depends .
It literally means `` it 's not true . ''
But it can also mean `` it 's fake '' .
For example :
If you are talking about an object that seems real but it is n't .
`` Do n't worry , it 's a fake snake . ''
Cheapest restaurant of the Buckhead Life Restaurant Group ?
Looking to use my $ 75 gift card Buckhead Life Restaurant Group for 2 people and hoping not to spill over the $ 75 too much .
What is the cheapest restaurant in this group ?
I know they 're all pretty pricey but we 'll obviously avoid somewhere like Chops .
It was hard to tell from the reviews whether Buckhead Diner or Atlanta Fish Market was the cheapest .
Thanks !
Bluepointe is one of my favorites from the Buckhead Life group .
If you avoid the prime steaks you can stay within budget without any problem .
Of course breakfast or lunch at the Corner Bakery will be much lower than dinner at the Fish market or dining at lunch when the menu prices are lower will save you plenty of money and keep you well under budget .
You need to consider the tip and valet parking which wo n't be covered by your gift card .
But anytime you can get an exceptional meal for two for less than $ 25 you are doing it right .
downtown Water tight waist pack ?
I 'd like to invest in a small waist pack like what runners wear , mainly to wear while running .
However , if I jump into some water ( do n't ask , it actually happens all the time ) , or if it rains , or for any other situation involving moisture , I 'd like to invest in one that 's watertight so that I can keep my phone and stuff in it without ruining it .
Any suggestions ?
I want one that I can literally put in a bucket of water with my phone in it .
And also not a huge tourist style fanny pack thing .
I 'm a sea kayaker and diver so I 've looked at most options for carrying bags .
There are a few companies that make models of allegedly waterproof fanny bags but I am skeptical .
The most common by Overboard
http://www.swimoutlet.com/product_p/16736.htm
is pretty flimsy and I have heard reports that it leaks unless you are super careful to roll the seal top down tight .
This site below has the widest collection of waterproof fanny bags I 've seen .
Aquapac is usually pretty good ( I have some of their other bags ) but that 's a really tiny fanny pack .
The Seacure one looks solid but I have never seen one in person .
http://www.waterproofcases.net/fannypacks.html
The Overboard is fairly cheap -- you might want to try that but also put your stuff inside in a ziplock baggie just in case .
Personally , I only trust hard plastic gasketed cases like the Pelican to carry my phone , ID , cash and keys .
I have one like this that I lash to the rigging of my kayak .
It is compact and has even gone through surf and rapids and never leaked a drop .
http://www.swimoutlet.com/product_p/7607.htm
I 'd just carry this in a regular cheap fanny pack and have no worries .
A cheaper option too .
And it floats .
Where should I have my 17th birthday dinner in Houston ?
I 'm turning seventeen in a couple weeks and I 'd like to have a casual , fun birthday dinner ( I live in Houston ) .
The guest list would be around 35 - 40 ...
That 's why I would need a place that is cheap .
Please help ! !
Dave & Buster 's .
Chucke Cheese ... lol nah I 'm bullshiiiitn ... but Dave nd Busters live . .
or Sams Boat . .
depends on if u wan na eat thn play . .
or eat nd jus chill ...
Well , I am not sure wat kind of joints you like , but if you were like me I wud suggest Junior 's Smokehouse , it is reasonable and fun ... though a bit of a drive from the city .
If BBQ is not wat you are lookin for do refer to this article on best joints in Houston that i had uploaded quite some time back ... it will help you to decide for sure http://www.ifood.tv/blog/houston-s-best-restaurants-2010
BTW happy 17th B'day in advance : ) Where can I buy cd 's in Vienna Austria ?
Trying to buy a bravo cd .
Been to Libro , and Saturn but these are not music stores .
Would really appreciate suggestions thanks .
check this link : http://www.discogs.com/groups/topic/86324
due to the on - line availability , many stores had to close .
Good luck !
Help with a good tumblr url ?
Okay , so I 've been thinking for 2 days , & ca n't think of anything good I can use for my tumblr url .
I 'm trying to think of anything cute , witty , edgy , etc. Help please !
Thank you !
: ) Do you have a nickname ?
Or a cute pet name from a boyfriend / parent ?
Love never Dies , Regent Theatre , Melbourne seat opinions ?
I am trying to buy tickets to the Love Never Dies musical in Melbourne and am running a tight schedule to fit this musical into my travels .
Just wondered what are the better stall seats between : :
Row 6 side section aisle seat 13 - 14 ( nearest seat in side section to the middle of the stage ) Row 10 side section aisle seat 13 - 14 Row 15 middle section seat 27 - 28 ( right in the middle of the stall section with dress circle overhang just 1 row behind these seats )
I 've always preferred to sit further in front with theatres in the UK and not a fan of the dress circle as I feel too far away from the stage .
The side seats are nearer the stage but I 'm not sure if being on the side is really better than the centre .
ps : the side section seats start 1 row behind the middle section .
For a better idea of the seat map , please visit the ticketmaster website .
How much space does CoD elite DLC take up on an xbox 360 harddrive ?
I have the service pre-ordered , but I only have around 7 gigs left on my hd .
I labled it under video games and never selected any country in Europe .
I 'm baffled to see the question under Canadian yahoo , but do not see an option to change it via mobile internet .
WOW ! ! !
fabulous TRAVEL question Can I get a sword from spain to ireland to the states ?
I bought a sword from Toledo spain , its not huge but still .
I 'm a bit worried what might happen when I bring it back to the states .
My flight brings me from madrid , to Ireland , to Logan airport in Boston Ma , should i have any problems getting it home ?
Send it UPS or FedEx .
Mail it .
You may not take a sword on a plane ... you probably wo n't even be able to take it if it is n't sharpened ... if it is sharpened , you ca n't take it in your luggage .
It 's a weapon .
How are in punished in school in switzerland ?
ok soo i have been trying to find this out for like 4 days ... can you guys help me ) :
You 're taken in a helicopter to the peak of a random mountain in the alps , and left there .
If you make it back alive , you 're given detention for the days of class you missed .
Hi ,
it really depends on your age .
In schools like Gymnasiums , teachers will often take the view that nobody is forcing you to be there - if you do n't want to study , get out .
Once you 're banished form the classroom , it 's your loss , becasue students are tested on every subject every four weeks or so , so missing a class can really make a difference .
In middle school , it really depend on what you did and on the teacher .
Teachers can make you write lines , or an essay about your misdemeanour , or give you extrahomework .
If you 're being really annoying , teachers will write a note to your parents on your diary , which the parents need to sign .
Students can also be sent to see the headmaster , a scary experience for younger students though nothing really happens expect some sharp words and possibly a call to your parents .
In extreme cases students can be forced to clean the school on Wednesday afternoons - if they have vandalized bathrooms and so on , they are made to clean , for instance , under the cleaning ladies ' supervision - and they can be expelled , either for three days or forever .
These punishments are really harsh and they are not often administred .
If a school expels you , you ca n't be admitted in any other public shool , and that 's why headmaster prefer to arrange a transfer first , to another public school , to see if the problem gets better .
Generally speaking , we do n't have any ' serious ' discipline problem in Switzerand - no fighting , little bullying .
Most of the punishments will be about annoying behaviour - talking in class , failing to do homework , forgetting your books and so on .
Some schools even punish for inappropriate clothes , because people apparently lost the notion of what is appropriate for school .
However , every school and every teacher basically do what they want , except for very serious offences .
Hope this helped !
Usually it 's 1 or 2 hours of detention after school .
Or on Saturday morning for high schools .
But actually I think it 's like everywhere else .
We 're not weirdos .
how do i know if my skimboard have wax ?
i have a skimboard.what you do is slide your finger on the top of it , if its bumpy that means theres wax ... - or - scratch it with your fingernail .
tip : put rain - x on the bottom of it to make it go faster scratch it with your finger nail and see if wax peels up .
Does anyone know why they closed the Acapulco Restaurant in Santa Clara , CA ?
I drove by on a Monday afternoon in late August and saw that it was closed down with no explanation .
I had just been there for the previous Margarita Monday , and it seemed like business as usual .
Then the next week it was just permanently shut down .
Now there are no more Bay Area Acapulco Restaurants .
I had been a regular there for over 20 years , so this is very sad for me .
I loved the one in Palo Alto , it 's an Olive Garden now .
The one in Santa Clara was like right out of the 1970s .
It was really old - fashioned compared to some of the Mexican places we have now .
I 'm surprised it lasted as long as it did !
La Paloma on El Camino is very similar .
You might try there .
El Torito has been closing a lot of restaurants in all their chains , Acapulco being one of them .
In my area , they closed an El Torito and an Acapulco , leaving a Chevy 's and an El Torito Grill , all of them chains of the Real Mex Company .
I suspect they are not doing that well but I have seen them close and then change the restaurant name from one chain to another , that El Torito that closed near me used to be a Que Pasa .
Other chains it goes under is Singual , Tequilla Willies , El Paso Cantina , REal Mex , Las Brisas ( high class ) and others .
tw Is hometown buffet open on veterans day ?
?
I 'm thinking of taking my girlfriend out this November 11 , Veteran 's day , because we both do n't have school that day .
But is it going to be open that day ?
If it matters at all , the one im thinking about is located in Lynwood , California .
yes , they are open and giving free meals to all the veterans .
3102 EAST IMPERIAL HIGHWAY LYNWOOD , CA 90262 ( 310 ) 537 - 6411 call them and find out ... .
What is the signifigance of red banners in the Corrientes province in Argentina ?
What significance does the red banners in Argentina have ?
Witchcraft !
They are shrines to different deities , all evil !
People there are quite superstitious !
Where to go for a 21st birthday in Dallas ?
My 21st birthday is coming up and I am new to Dallas and have no idea where me and my friends could go .
I like bars , but I want to dance !
I like techno music but Im not into the `` raving scene '' and I like hip - hop but not all of the group enjoy that .
Help me !
You should go to bella 32 or gloria 's restaurant ( it becomes a club after 10pm ) !
and when you get there just say that your turning 21 that day and they will treat you super good.probably free drinks and stuff cause it 's your b - day !
Have fun !
and invite me if you go to one of the places !
( : go to opm the old thrive by main street it plays good music and its a good atmosphere.Zouk is also real good , their dj is bad - like good - he plays everything ! What is the best pizza in NYC ? and where is it located there is a place called Pizza 33 ( Brick overn pizza ) on 489 3rd Ave. they are delicious . we also tried lombardi 's who is famous for being the first pizza place in NYC which is near canal street , not what we expected and not worth the money . Whole foods in the time warner building had great pizza and food too ! Dominos !
Oh , come on .
You know someone had to say it .
There are too many great pizza places , local neighborhood type places , to even think there is one `` best '' pizza place in NYC .
You can find good NY style pizza all over , in every borough .
Pizza is a cut throat businees and on every corner you will find great pizza and a slice from another planet .
If you want to try a different kind of pizza you need to go to Brooklyn .
Try L&B Pizza in Spumoni Garden .
The squares are out of this world ... ... .
how to move on if im still loving to someone ?
long distance relationship if you really love him Just believe in your heart .
what 's that song from the new boston pizza ( canada ) or boston 's the gourmet pizza ( US ) ?
it sounds like a 70 ' s cop show song , you know , almost kind of sexy .
and yes I had to specify .
It was a canadian commercial , so if you are not canadian , thank you for your concern but I do n't think you will know .
the commercial says you can see how good it tastes What 's a good restaurant to go to for your birthday ?
I 'm turning 16 on Saturday and Ive been trying to find a fun and unique restaurant to celebrate it at with my friends in the Orlando area .
Please let me know of any restaurants that you know that i can go to .
Thanks : ) Mars 2112 its kinda Corey but its tons of fun Mongolian BBQ .
They will pound the bell for you and make everyone in the restaurant sing you a birthday song .
How should I work my way down to a shortboard ?
I started on a 9 ' 2 `` for a few sessions then went to an 8 ' for three days and felt no difference .
Do you think I would feel a difference at 7 ' 6 '' or 7 ' ?
I 'm trying to get down to a six footer or less .
You 're probably very coordinated and balanced with your feet .
Do n't forget , though , that actually catching the wave is the first part of surfing .
Many people stick to bigger boards , so that they are able to catch the waves .
Many beginners do not have the paddle - strength to move down to smaller boards .
Stick with what you can paddle with , and slowly move down .
Pay attention to board design as well .
A 6 foot board that is thick , will be easier to paddle than a six foot high performance board .
To me , riding waves is where surfing is fun !
That means you need to have a board that actually is appropriate for you .
If you can not paddle well , stick to a bigger board until you can move down .
Any board is ridable but once you start getting closer to 6ish you 'll be missing all that foam from your bigger boards .
Just give it a try and if its hard then you know you 're not ready yet or you can persevere and in time you 'll learn to surf on them !
The only way to find out is to try it .
Sorry to say , but asking people on here is not the best way to find out .
Talk to your surfing pals and the folks at your local shop .
Rent or borrow some smaller boards .
Whatever you do , it takes time and practice .
Good luck .
ANA MARI No. ( 4 ) ( Pagarse ) muy mal . ?
conjugating the verbs in parentheses and using the correct object pronouns .
The category you 're looking for is Education & Reference > Homework Help .
And ... you are asking us to do your homework in a travel forum ... .
why ?
I am running peaceful programme in nepal and i am seeking woman who is interested any women to work with me . ?
I am spiritual person and yoga master and very flexible .
I visited couple of country and trying to work universally so please this will be pretty nice project , I want to work with any one but prefer to work with women and I do n't care about age .
Contact Yoga guru Sheela Begani on + +977 21 526650 and ask for help Which place you have to work in Nepal , i live in Kathmandu and i am a 21 yrs male , if that would be ok with you i am ready , and how much time we need to spend per day YES you have to do How Should I travel Mumbai to Ibiza ?
I m plaining for a trip in June - July 2012 to Ibiza For the Opening parties and someone let me know a Shortest route to travel to Ibiza .
I Do n't want too many transits and change in flights Hello , below are the flight details for your reference and hope you will find them useful :
Mumbai ( BOM ) to Ibiza ( IBZ ) - Sun , Jun 10
Mumbai ( BOM ) to Zurich ( ZRH ) - Sun , Jun 10 Swiss International Airlines 155 Dep : 12:50am Arr : 6:15am 8h 55m Airbus A330 Coach ( T ) Layover in ZRH 11h 25m
Zurich ( ZRH ) to Ibiza ( IBZ ) - Sun , Jun 10 Swiss International Airlines 8266 Dep : 5:40pm Arr : 7:50pm 2h 10m Airbus A320 Coach ( T ) OPERATED BY EDELWEISS AIR AG
Ibiza ( IBZ ) to Mumbai ( BOM ) - Sun , Jun 17
Ibiza ( IBZ ) to Zurich ( ZRH ) - Sun , Jun 17 Swiss International Airlines 8267 Dep : 8:40pm Arr : 10:40pm 2h 0m Airbus A320 Coach ( T ) OPERATED BY EDELWEISS AIR AG Layover in ZRH 11h 15m
Zurich ( ZRH ) to Mumbai ( BOM ) - Mon , Jun 18 Swiss International Airlines 154 Dep : 9:55am Arr : 9:45pm 8h 20m Airbus A330 Coach ( T ) I 'm thinking the only reasonable way to travel would be by air .
What hotel in Vegas has the BEST buffet ?
i went to several buffets during my year in vegas ( was in high school at the time ) till my sophomore year .
a few good ones from cheap to pricy :
gold coast : 7/10 : prices around 7 - 8 bucks back then bellagio : 8/10 : was n't sure of price but it was expensive mgm grand : 10/10 it was expensive but back then it was a 2 for 1 coupon .
best ouf of the bunch .
Bellagio or Rio ( Rio always wins awards for their seafood buffet ) .
I work at Monte Carlo !
Bellagio One of the most luxurious and popular hotels on the Strip also has one of the best buffets around , particularly when it rolls out its gourmet menu on Friday and Saturday nights .
It 's well worth the weekend dinner tab if you 're looking for 5 - star food , though the ambiance at the Bellagio still feels more like a typical buffet dining hall ( albeit a really nice one ) .
Adventurous eaters can find plenty to keep them satisfied , including foie gras , buffalo , duck , quail and other exotic meats , a large sushi station , and a selection of seafood that includes fantastic lime - soaked ceviche , mussels and sometimes even shark .
The crab legs are hands - down the best on the Strip , and be sure to load up on the mozzarella balls , freshly baked breads and pesto mashed potatoes .
You can also get your fill of pizza , some even sprinkled with non-traditional toppings such as shrimp .
The desserts are plentiful - although they 're certainly not the highlight of the buffet - and you can choose from a wide selection of unique cocktails .
Surfing in Honolulu in March ?
My friends and I were planning on going to Honolulu in March and were curious how the waves are for surfing .
Or if people knew of other great places within North America to hit up surfing in March .
Thanks for your help !
What are some really nice , but not so expensive , resturants with a nice view in NYC ?
I 'm trying to find a nice place to take my boyfriend for his 21st birthday without having to rob a bank to pay for the dinner .
A nice skyline view would be nice Take him to the coffee shop in Barnes and Noble .
This way he can have a coffee , and you can look up in a dictionary , how to spell RESTAURANTS .
Go to Willies BBQ over in Jersey .
They have cold beer , hot BBQ and a loud band on weekends !
Its a bikers bar , so wear your leathers !
What wake board is good for doing tricks ?
I 'm looking at buying my boyfriend a board for christmas , I have been looking at the liquid force rogue grind but I want to know what board is good to do tricks on he is good a the board but i want to buy him one specificall for tricks behind a boat , preferably liquid force but either way .
cheers Convert $ 469 in naira ?
Why is this question under alternative vehicles ?
NGN / USD = 157.59997 NaN.Na USD = 73,914.39 NGN Starting out in kite boarding , Build my own set up or buy the complete kits ?
It 's something I 've been wanting to get into for a long time and now that i 'm finally moving back to the coast i can but heres the deal , i also ride bmx and i build all my bikes to my size / preference and riding style & i know when you go out and buy a complete bike the geometry is usually off in certain areas and sometimes just the whole bike with certain manufactures and that causes people to not be able to learn as quickly but with a bike you can usually add better parts to the frame and build as you ride .
So anyways what i guess i 'm getting to is i want a board / kite that wo n't hold me back but at the same time i 'm worried about a setup that i ca n't handle to the point where i just wont learn anything on it .
I 've seen some complete kits but a lot come off as a joke , how should i go about this ?
any specific brands , completes that would work best ?
i want to get into freestyle and keep it under $ 1500 .
Thanks , Guy 's , thanks for the reply 's but i did n't literally mean make my own set up from scratch lol , with the kite board or bikes .
I mean like i ride certain size handle bars , stems , cranks , forks ect . .
and it looks like theirs a lot to the gear used to kite boarding with the harness , board , fins , fittings , kite .
i 'm talking about putting together the best set up of already manufactured parts together for me and what i 'm willing to spend .
Oh , and i already wake board and snowboard so i do n't see it being much different ( although i 'm sure their is obviously a difference ) I would imagine the basics are similar and i do n't do classes lol .
Trying to build your own kitesurfing gear is asking for trouble , kite manufacturers have spent many years and lots of money making kitesurfing as safe and reliable as possible .
If you do decide to have a go you will need to have an industrial strength sewing machine along with sewing skills for actually sewing the kite together , design skills for designing the kite , how all the panels will fit together without tearing and how best to layout the bridle , also you will need to decide ifl it will be a fixed bridle system or not , then there 's hot weld skills for creating your inflatable bladders and valves , you will then need to manufacturer a safe bar out of carbon fibre and decide on your lines ( 4 or 5 ) , then there 's the the trim and release system which will have to be foolproof and work every time .
i could go into further detail but i think you get the idea by now .
Then there 's the board , you could make your own board , plenty of people do : -
http://kitesurfingschool.org/board.htm
but it will probably look home made , and wo n't last as long as a ready made one , if you do n't mind that look then yes , why not try .
Once you have got all your gear together there 's learning how to use it , without proper instruction chances are you are going to seriously hurt yourself , kiteboarding is great fun when you know what you are doing but even then you can still get an unexpected nasty surprise ( been there , done that ) .
And there 's no way a qualified instructor is going to teach you on homemade gear , its just too dangerous , as i said earlier , manufactureres have spent a lot of money making their gear as safe as possible .
I suggest you take some lessons , figure out if you actually like the sport and then get some gear that has been suggested to you by your instructor , no doubt it will be some kind of delta kite ( Best Kahoona , Cabrinha Convert etc ) which will offer you plenty of depower .
* * * UPDATE * * *
OK , now i understand what you 're after i would suggest you go for something like a Best Kahoona 9.5 which has very easy relaunch capabilities and depower and it should get you going in relatively light winds ( 12 - 26 knots ) , you will also need to get a Best Redline Performance Bar and lines to go with this kite , you could use another make but you 're best off sticking with a bar that was designed for the kite .
You will need a harness , i ca n't really suggest one as there are so many , i bought mine off ebay over 3 years ago , it was cheap and has done me well so you do n't need to be spending lots .
As for boards i would suggest a Best Spark 140 , it 's one of the cheapest boards out there and looks and performs extremely well .
You could get this gear second hand off ebay .
http://www.bestkiteboarding.com/KahoonaV3
http://www.bestkiteboarding.com/2011-Spark
I know you say you do n't do lessons and you come from a boarding background , but i did too , windsurfing , snowboarding , water skiing and skateboarding , but its not the bad handling of the board that 's likely to hurt ( or even kill ) you it 's the handling of the kite .
You need to know about the wind window , where the power is , how to use the kite to water start , how to relaunch , how to do a deep water packdown , how to determine safe launch areas , etc , etc. You 're attached to your kite and if you get it in the wrong place at the wrong time it will dramatically lift you off the ground , and if you do n't know how to handle it , it will drop you like a brick at a fair old speed , it hurts when you land , and if you land badly you 're going to break something .
Please take lessons , at a minimum i suggest a 2 day course .
To conclude , would you go out and buy a hang glider and teach yourself ?
http://www.ikiteboarding.com/kiteboarding/articles/kiteboarding-lessons-10-reasons-why-you-should-take-them.aspx
P.S .
No i do n't work for Best , i just think their gear is great ( it 's what i use ) and they are now offering a lifetime warranty on all their gear .
If you have any other questions , you can PM me : o ) Hello Jake , I am impressed with your mechanical skills .
You will have no trouble building a kite boarding outfit .
Your problem is not the equipment but the boarding skill set .
Use your spare cash and take some lessons .
Your instructors will help you design your gear .
Set up a spread sheet and enter in the parts you need and costs .
Early kite rigs were built by individuals .
cleanliness and foundations mcdonalds quiz help please ?
please list all answers if you can ?
from someone who has completed the quiz .
If not here are a few i need help with : * Mop buckets should be changed every howmany hours or as requireD ? ?
* The third washup sink shuold contain ?
* When cleaning , cloths should be changed every how often ?
* Sanitized cloths should be changed a minimum of how often ?
* Egg equipment should be washed and rinsed every how often ?
* Uhc trays should be washed rinsed and sanitised every how often ?
* Dining room trays need to be cleaned at a mimimum : - two times a day , when theyr visibly dirty only , after every use , 4 times per day ?
3rd wash sink contains sanitizer .
1st is wash sink ( dishsoap ) , 2nd is rinse .
Mop water and sanitizing rags should be changed as often as necessary , or every 2 hours and definitely every shift .
Equipment should be sanitized at least every 2hours or more often if needed .
Dining room trays should be washed and sanitized after every use !
I am not positive about the Uhc trays , I know they are supposed to be washed and sanitized every shift but it maybe that they need to be cleaned every 2 or 4 hours or after every rush .
i have no idea What will you look for in an electric shaver ?
I will choose this Double - head reciprocating shaver which has individual reflex action system and can always get close to the facial contour to effectively shave the hair of any lengths and in any growing directions .
And the cooperation of double blades will bring about better shaving effect .
http://www.cross-mark.com/doublehead-reciprocating-shaver-rscw9200-p-1676.html The ideal would be one with an independent power source such as batteries , but most battery shavers are pretty rudimentary .
If I was obliged to pay a lot more , I 'd seek several rotating heads , and also , most important , dual 110/240 voltage for travel use .
And if adaptor plugs came with the package , that would be a bonus .
what 's for dinner tonight ?
i like to heat in the outdoors with friends Man , last night we had smoked brisket that was slow cooked ( for like 12 hours or so ! )
with apple juice to keep it moist and juicy ( so good I swear I almost cried ) , potato salad , hot rolls , cherry pie and ice cold beers ! !
AWESOME ! !
Yeah , that was my father in law who did that - I am not yet at his level on the grill yet , but it 's a goal .
I think it 's important for a man to know how to master the grill ...
Anyway , tonight , * I 'M * making brats , steamed veggies and brown rice ( wife 's on a diet which means I 'm pretty much on a diet too ) .
Should be delicious .
But not as delicious as dinner last night ...
Dang man ... .
that was awesome ... .
Burito 's fish & chips Epson perfection 4870 my pc wont recognise it !
i have windows 8 ?
i put my scanner on my pc and it keep telling me that i dont have a scanner device !
i try to install software still nothing .
i also try to manualy install the hardware and i ca n't find it anyware !
what else can i do ? ?
The only way you could have Windows 8 is if your using a beta , and if your using that then you should know what your doing .
Any rate , you could try using the Windows 7 driver for it to see if it works , but might not .
Beta is beta for a reason , it means its still in early testing phases and there will be a lot of problems with it .
Stay with Windows 7 .
Considering Windows 8 is still being trialled , and many manufacturer 's will not yet have written any drivers for it , this is likely to be a common problem with it .
Early release software is always going to present problems .
Unfortunately , my friend , what you 're going to have to do is wait to see if Epson are going to release Windows 8 drivers and software for your Perfection 4870 Photo , or Pro scanner ( you do n't say which model it is that you have ) ... and this is highly unlikely seeing as it 's a discontinued model .
In other words , you MAY need to purchase a new scanner .
in which extinguisher co2 is realeased ?
It is used carbondioxide extinguishers . .
CO2 is compressed to liquid form or solid form ( dry ice ) . .
when CO2 from extinguisher is released , it expands and becomes Vapour ( gas ) the gas is so chill and it cools the fuel and stops the supply of oxygen from air to it . .
Fire extinguishers are filled with water or a smothering material , such as CO2 .
Does xpango work ?
Please help me ! ?
I 'm not sure if it does because i have n't gotten any points .
If new heres sign up http://www.xpango.com?ref=92572505 Each Gadget is received for Free in exchange for Credits which can be received from Xpango .
When you register with Xpango and select your Free Gift , you will receive a '' Referral ID '' which is used to gain Credits .
Credits can easily be gained by either ( or a combination of ) participating in Xpango offers , Referring Friends , or by purchasing a Mobile accessories / Clix Package
Credit requirements for Gifts vary depending on the retail price of the Mobile Phone / Gaming Console / MP3 Player .
More expensive Gifts require more Credits than less expensive Gifts .
What to do on your own at 20 $ in Sydney , Australia on a Monday Night ?
I 'm so bored , but I can only spend 20 $ till I get my money in next week ... what can I do ?
Put on your body armor and buy a train ticket .
See how many stations you can visit in three hours without being mugged or bothered by the train cops how to scan photo and signature ?
i want know about to scan photo and signature Rajendra bhai , Read the article link given below you will know everything regarding scanning photo and signature .
http://www.corpbank.com/uploadedfiles/custom/4_33_430_9485285.pdf Advice on places to stay in corralejo fuerteventura ! ?
Me and my partner would like to go away to corralejo for a week in january .
Has anyone been here before and if so do you recommend anywhere ?
So many hotels with bad reviews !
Thanks :-) is Wikipedia reliable ?
Yes ou No ?
PLEASE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Yes .
As reliable as any other tertiary level encyclopaedia .
Yes Looking for a watch to surf with ?
I 'm looking for a watch to surf with , highest I 'm willing to go is $ 30 .
I will be surfing during the winter in Southern California , so the water will be cold .
thanks .
Are rugby boots faster than football boots ?
I play rugby for a team , i currently use addidas predator boots , they seem to be pretty fast , but can i get more speed out of rugby boots or are they the same speed ?
thanks .
Due to the nature of rugby , boots are designed to grip onto the grass with longer studs .
This increases friction forces and makes them slower than football boots Assume it depends on the wearer .
Any shoe makes me much slower .
Heavy weight attached to my limbs ! !
Peace .
What position do you play ?
The Pack usually wears boots that protect the ankle while the backs wear regular boots .
The thing about rugby boots is that they have screw in cleats while the majority of american football players wear molded cleats .
It would appear molded cleats are lighter , but I love my rugby cleats .
Are quinceaera birthdays also celebrated in Spain ?
No s * * * No. They are just ordinary cumpls .
No.
They are a Native American custom that was added to the Catholic Church in the New World , only .
And at that , only the Northern parts of Spanish America .
I dont know anyone from South America or even most of Central America , who had one .
Only people from Mexico and the Caribbean .
when you are in spain not latin america how do you pronounce the x c s z ?
if so give examples and also how would you pronounce mexico in spain spanish Xavier = Have - ee - er
Cordoba = Cor - do - bah
Salamanca = Salah - Mang - kah
Zamora = Thamorah or Samorah
Mey - hee - co.
Otherwise look up a talking dictionary on the web ( Yahoo Espaa ) .
or http://www.rae.es/rae.html When YOU are in Spain , you pronounce it as you were taught , and you may imitate the people around you .
The people who LIVE in Spain and learned Spanish as their first language , pronounce an x , usually , just like an x in English .
Sometimes it sounds more like gs .
In VERY old words , like Xavier , and Don Quixote and Mexico , its pronounced like a J ( in Spanish ... it 's a Jota ) .
In modern words , the letter has usually been changed to a J , so you see the name Javier , and don Quijote , as spellings .
an S sounds sort of like zh .
It 's difficult to describe / explain , without proper IPA descriptions , but much like a J in French .
Only softer .
A C , before an a , o , or u , is pronounced like a K in English .
A C , before an i , e , is pronounced like TH in English .
A Z is pronounced like a TH in English .
In most cases , a C is used when a word HAD a Z , before an a , o , u , ( or no vowel at all ) to keep the soft sound when the form causes the following vowel to become an i or e , and vice versa .
Feliz , Felices .
Hice , hizo .
They are , in most cases , essentially interchangeable sounds , with only the orthographic change , to keep the sound integrity .
Mexico , regardless of what Spanish country you are in , is pronounced MEH hee coh .
The H sounding like you are trying to get a hair out of your throat .
Where to go for Thanksgiving dinner in NY ?
I 'm going to be in New York at Thanksgiving as a tourist . .
could you please recommend me any good restaurants for a Thanksgiving meal that would do the traditional Thanksgiving food ( and that I 'd have half of chance of booking at this late stage ) .
My budget is around $ 100 pp. I 'll be going to the Macy 's Parade so would like it to be reachable from there .
Aureole
This elegant Upper East Side restaurant will be offering a $ 115 three course Thanksgiving Menu .
Address : 34 East 61st Street ;
Phone : ( 212 ) 319 - 1660 .
or Bistro Les Amis
This SoHo French bistro will be serving a $ 42 dinner on Thanksgiving .
There is also an a la carte menu available on Thanksgiving .
Address : 180 Spring Street ;
Phone : 212 - 226 - 8645 .
Marble lane in the dream hotel downtown . .
its amazing there and they have a pre-fix thanksgiving dinner for 75 $ I believe Rock Center Cafe , ThanksGiving Dinner Includes First Course , Main Course And Dessert .
Both traditional Thanksgiving Dinner and contemporary options available .
$ 60 per person .
Separate menu for children 10 and under .
OR Cornelia Street Cafe This West Village restaurant offers a good selection for their reasonably priced ( $ 65 ) Thanksgiving dinner from 2 - 8 p.m. They also have a children 's menu available .
Check out the full menu on their web site .
These are both great places the first one my family and I visited the service was great .
I also recommend looking through groupons @ ( http://bit.ly/huge_discounts ) to find local discounts for Thanksgiving I use groupons for eveything .
Hoped this helps History of Glory Be ( Prayer ) ?
What is all about the Glory Be prayer and its history .
Include the site if possible .
I need it ASAP !
Please , I need it for my report .
Thanks !
what are the main things that you need to be good at to be really good at surfing ?
certain muscle strength ?
obviously balance .
Do you guys have any exercises that will help with this stuff ?
what are the main things that you need to be good at to be really good at surfing ?
SURFING !
Surfing may involve lots of body parts and muscles , but SURFING is SURFING , not running , not yoga , not weight lifting , not Indo boarding .
It is SURFING .
To get better at surfing , you have to surf , no matter what anyone tells you .
It sure helps to have a good level of aerobic fitness and be a skilled ocean swimmer .
But the bottom line is very , very simple .
To get better at surfing , you surf .
try to get a balance board cuz that will help a ton .
also try to do a lot of leg and calf muscle exercises .
those always help me .
also try closing your eyes when your on a balance board and picture yourself on a wave .
it helped me when i first started .
INDO BOARDING !
Its really awesome i have one and i love it .
Also just swimming in the sea will improve confidence !
Good luck ! ! ! !
: ) Restaurants that serve insects in Tampa , Fl ?
Hello , I need to find a restaurant near Tampa , Florida that serves insects ... .
Does anybody know of any ? ?
Thanks Unfortunately , there are , but they do n't like to admit it .
; 0
Seriously , I 'm not aware of any specialty restaurant that does , though you might check one of the many local specialty restaurant guides ( or probably better to call ) .
For example , try http://www.visittampabay.com/about-us /
Good luck !
Are there any good arabic bakeries in the bay area ?
do you know of any good place that sells arabic bread , mana2eesh , fatayer . .
etc. Please post a reco .
Thanks .
What 's the best restaurant in Manhattan ?
I 'm a foodie junk , so someone must get me an answer .
Must get you answer . . ? ?
Please or thanks are common words of etiquette .
Whats your budget ?
NYC happens to be a little city with a whole lot of restaurants .
Too many to narrow down . .
what type of cuisine ?
Le Bernadin .
iPad Switzerland - Is there a security software for the Swiss Apple iPad that works in Geneva or Zurich ?
Yes , there 's a software called `` HidePad '' that works very well in Geneva , Zurich and pretty much any part of Switzerland that has Internet access .
It is also compatible with all iPad models including , of course , wifi and 3G :
http://hidepad.annics.com
HidePad is a security setup for iPad that does the following : - encrypts your Internet connection - protects you from malware , viruses & browser vulnerabilities - enables anonymous browsing - unblocks websites on your iPad - provides government - grade security - ensures a safe environment for iPad banking
I 've been using it for almost a year during my stay in Geneva and my travels across Europe .
Does a business electric meter measure amperage and then calculate to get kWh ?
I 'm trying to understand the best option for lowering our electric bill .
Replacing 480V HID lights with Fluorescent T5 480V or T8 277V .
242W @ 480V = .50A 227W @ 277V = .82A
I understand Ohm 's law , but not sure how the meter measures our usage .
If you cut the voltage in 1/2 you cut wattage in 1/2 .
unfortunately with the numbers you provide the manufacturer has compensated for the viltage drop by in increase in amperage , the answer , and what your bills are based on is wattage .
Weather is 15A at 480v or 7.5 amps at 240v its the same wattage and the same price .
Ive never heard of thos peak useage meters but I would find out real quick if you have one of those .
thats a ripoff .
None of the 3 stores I ran had one .
The switch you are talkign about making would only save about 70f the wattage and would require different fixures / ballast , not likely worth it .
What you really need is a watts / lumen rating for each choice .
Your usage is based on the watts alone , regardless of the voltage .
The HID lights use a little more juice .
The question is is whether the fluorescent lights deliver the same amount of light and whether the quality of fluorescent lights is satisfactory .
The electric company has it figured out .
They charge by the watt no matter what voltage you are talking about .
Dave , those demand meters are pretty common especially for big consumers like factories and large stores .
They are NOT a rip - off .
They are the result of negotiated contracts .
Business meters sometimes have a demand logger .
If you have a meter with a needle on it that is bigg then it measures the largest peak of usage and all subsequent usage is based on that one time demand .
And electric meter is either digital or analog .
If it is digital you have theory right .
You can not replace the 480V bulbs with a 277V bulb .
They will blow out What position would jesus play in rugby ?
Describe the whole heavenly team being game !
half back , then he could work miracles for the the back line .
or just run through everyone .
( most important position ) Lock , he 'd rise up on the third quarter of the pitch to steal lineout ball for the lads .
John the Baptist would be waterboy Would a restaurant fit into the market in Reimes ?
I was thinking of a health food establishment that specialized in tossed salads and similar foods .
Smoothie Papayas Really , Poopy ?
I just ate lunch .
Do n't forget all the Papaya recipes.Just to name a few
Fresh Papaya juice Cream filled Papaya Pulverized Papaya Bronzed Papaya Blackened Papaya Shaved Papaya Canadian Papaya Cajun Papaya Italian Papaya Southern style Papaya Mexican Papaya Southwestern Papaya New York style Papaya Deep dish Papaya Philly cheese steak Papaya Papayas that come with a Nice Can ...
How is the market for Reimes jobs ?
Will I have a hard time finding talented people to fill various positions ?
That 's not in my job description .
Your real wife will have to fulfill that duty .
I think the market is better in Phuket Thailand .
But I think everybody really wants a Reimes job at least once .
depends what kind of incentive plan you are offering ?
What are the perks ?
Are there any restaurants or bars that serve Redstone mead in Denver C.O ?
I 'm not sure that there are any restaurants that carry it ( you could try Restaurant 4580 in Boulder - the annual Redstone Mead Dinner was just held there a couple of weeks ago ) , but you can buy it at Elite Brands of Colorado on Lima Street http://elite-brands.com/wines_alpha.html You could also e-mail or phone the meadery in Boulder and ask them .
http://www.redstonemeadery.com / Surfing photography critique please ?
These are a few pics i took yesterday of the recent swell we got down here in south FL. And i wanted some feed back in regards to composition and overall image quality .
Also which one is your fav and why ?
Ty : ) 1 .
http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6236/6322264271_ceb69fc381_z.jpg 2 .
http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6110/6322266123_338d36d88b_z.jpg 3 .
http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6034/6322795728_42e139b427_z.jpg 4 .
http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6050/6322793798_6d96e354a4_z.jpg The image quality is very good .
I like either the 2nd or 3rd picture the best but if I had to choose , I 'd say the 2nd one .
I guess I just kind of sense the anticipation in his face .
I liked the photos but I 'm not a huge fan of the 1st one , it 's just kind of a random shot .
Composition is decent , not the greatest shots , but quality is great .
Maybe a little more waves and little less rider .
Unless the rider is doing something mind blowing , the main focus should be on how good the waves are , and the talent and skill of the rider should compliment the wave .
Just my opinion .
Photography is art and your free to express yourself as you please .
The first one is artsy , good cover for an album or something the second one is about a 6/10 but its pretty good the third i think is sick thumbs up on that , and the last one , honestly is terrible .
its just a guy whitewashing .
i would go out to a beach near you early in the morning or when there are a lot of really good surfers out and take pictures of them , then when they get out of the water ask for there email to send the pictures to them .
try to get pictures of people dropping in on big waves or set waves , or of them pulling some nice snaps , rollers or even airs .
the more spray there board is giving , the more intense the picture .
and keep them how they are .
do n't enhance them with programs or edit them
you 're doing great , keep up the good work , maybe you can take pictures of me surfing haha Where is a good place to go fresh water fishing ?
I do n't mind if I have to get a license .
I do n't mind if I have to drive a little Visit the local Department of Natural Resources .
Inquire about fishing opportunities .
You will quickly learn that there are many kinds of fishing available : cane pole and bait , fly rod and feathered lures , casting rod and artificial baits , and maybe nets .
Visit your local sports shop .
Ask questions .
Get and read the fishing regulations .
Many will list local fishing sites .
There are many places to go .
Alabama - Lake Guntersville ( holy mecca of fishing ) , Lake Jordan , Pickwick , Weiss , Wheeler ... . .
Tennessee - Chickamauga , Kentucky Lake , Dale Hollow ... ...
Texas - Sam Rayburn , Toledo Bend , Amistad , Falcon ... .
Florida - Okie , Toho , or any on the Kissimmie Chain or however you spell it ... ... .
Vermont - Champlain ... .
California - Clear lake .
Hope that helps Who are some good centers ?
I 've recently packed on a bit of muscle and have been moved from the wings to outside center .
I 'd like to get better and research how to do so .
Can anyone suggest some good centers for me to look up so I can see what it is they do ?
Thanks again .
Where can I get some fantastic , authentic Asian food in New England ?
I live in New Hampshire but I 'm willing to travel .
There are many authentic Asian restaurants located in Lowell MA. because of the large Asian population that settled there .
Here 's links to a few of them but there are many more : http://foodventure.com / http://etsogo.net / http://www.tepthida.com / http://www.phodalat.net/page.cfm http://www.menupix.com/lowell/restaurants/660053/Viet-Thai-Lowell-MA highlands hollywood nightclub 18 + saturday ?
Hey is the highlands hollywood nightclub open to 18 + year olds on friday and saturday too ?
Or is it only on Thursday nights ?
yes CLUB DV8 Which restaurant in the Orlando area has the best lobster buffet ?
How much ?
Boston Lobster Feast All - you - can - eat , whole broiled lobster ! ! !
Est. 1991 .
-- -- - EDIT :
Most of the reviews are positive ( yahoo , urbanspoon ( ( 71 % ) ) , yelp ) .
Most of the negatives are from people who never ate lobster , people who expect a high end resturant ( it 's a buffet ) , or from former bitter employees.I 've been going to BLF every few months since 1995 .
I had one bad experience at the now closed Sand Lake Road location .
I complain about the lobster being mushy .
This is caused by lobsters not being live when cooked .
I received a coupon for $ 50.00 .
I 'm from the North Shore Of Boston , MA. , living in FLA. I know lobster & other shellfish .
I live in Orlando have never seen or heard of a good lobster buffet in this area .
There are six thousand eating places in the area and NON serve a real lobster buffet .
- - - - - Someone has suggested a lobster place on International Drive and Kissimmee - Check the many regative reviews on Yelp or Urban Spoon and you see what I mean .
How is rowing / racing in a V8 different from a V4 ?
I am on the women 's rowing team at my university .
Last weekend , I competed as bow in a V8 , this upcoming weekend I will be competing as bow in a V4 .
Is this a harder boat to row ?
I 'm really trying to read in between the lines and figure out what my coach is thinking .
Transit visa in madrid ?
Hello ,
I will be travelling from
DUBLIN - MADRID MADRIR - CASABLANCA ( and the same way back to go to dublin )
I am moroccan and I only have an Irish visa .
( My flights are all in the same terminal 1 in Madrid )
Do I need a transit visa ? ?
Thank you a lot ! !
You do n't need a transit visa .
Moroccan passport holder are exempt from the Airport Transit Visa requirement .
You can transit without visa provided that you :
continue your journey to a third country on a connecting flight within 24 hours
hold a ticket with confirmed seats for your next destination
hold all documents required for your next destination
have your luggage checked through to your final destination
do not leave the airport transit area http://www.staralliance.com/en/services/visa-and-health / . .
Is ireland starting to come out of recession or will it end up like greece ?
Best practices allocating ADP flatbed scanners in a network environment ?
I have a few hundred end users and recently more and more of them want a flatbed scanner at their desk .
At approximately $ 100 a pop for a basic scanner , that could add up to tens of thousands of dollars .
I have tried looking for a network solution but no vendor seems to offer any white papers on the subject .
I have looked into high speed scanners and giving one per office .
But it appears that in order to use any scanner in a network environment , some 3rd party network scanner software must also be purchased and installed .
My question is , Has anyone found a scanner solution for end users in a network environment that allows for a single scanner per office or work area and then allows any end user in the office and / or vicinity to scan documents and save them to their PC 's desktop ?
Check out the Plustek PN2040 http://plustek.com/usa/products/smart-office-series/smartoffice-pn2040/introduction.html
It combines a flatbed with an ADF based scanner .
Software needs to be installed on all PCs that use the scanner , but the software comes with the scanner .
I 'm Crying .
Cheer me up . ?
stupid videos and stuff last kiss by pearl jam put me in a down mood .
Awww There , there .
Why wo n't Wikipedia change it 's revenue model ?
You know , I really do n't want to donate money to them .
I like them , but I just do n't want any part in that .
I love how they 've figured a way out to have such an effective operation ; however , they 're a business .
Not - for - profit or not , they need money .
Operating 1000ff of donations ... it just seems silly in this day and age .
Why wo n't they just bring on the ads ?
It is a never ending discussion within the Wikipedia community with pros and cons on both sides .
So far the anti ads side has won the arguments .
Feel free to join the discussion if you have something to contribute .
can epson stylus nx420 scan text document and produce WORD document instead of JPEG ?
can not see how to scan text document and produce a word type document for correction I thought you needed an OCR program but according to this article - if you can scan text as a TIFF file you can come close - Text will not be 100 % accurate but will be easier to correct than to retype
http://www.ofzenandcomputing.com/zanswers/1017 / Why is Brazil such an overlooked surf destination ?
With six guys on the pro tour from Brazil , and almost no data on Surfline Travel for Brazil , what gives ?
These pros obviously have some training ground .
With tons of coastline , a variety of breaks , cheap , and warm water , why is n't Brazil a travel surf destination like Indo , or Costa Rica ?
Is it simply because it 's relatively isolated from primary Western surf cultures ( USA , Australia , Hawaii ) ?
Electric Fields :
I 'm having some trouble with these questions .
Could someone lend me a hend ?
Hey guys .
I 've just started my A2 portion of Physics in A-levels ... ( UK based qualification )
And we have no come onto the tricky subject of electric fields : )
However , I am adapting well to it , and I 'd like someone to help me with these questions .
I 've tried doing them , but I 'm having NO luck whatsoever .
I 'd appreciate if someone could give them a shot .
I 'm offering Best Answer to anyone who can help me the most .
Thank you .
Here we go ...
1 .
What is the force on an electron in an electric field of 300 V m ^ ( -1 ) ?
2 .
What is the strength of an electric field that will put a force of 1.28 x 10 ^ ( -15 ) N on a proton ?
3 .
How much acceleration will an alpha particle undergo whilst in an electric field of 10 kV m ^ ( -1 ) ?
4 .
In the electron beam of a cathode ray oscilloscope , electrons are accelerated through a potential difference of 3000V which is set up between two electrodes that are 3cm apart .
a ) Calculate the electric field strength between these electrodes , assuming it is a uniform field .
b ) How fast will the electrons be moving when they emerge from this field ?
c ) Describe and explain how the field 's effects would be different if a proton were placed on it .
Thanks ! !
What are all of the Equestrian games in greek times ?
Just all of the Equestrian sports in the olympic games that took place in ancient greek times , thanks !
The ancient games included horse races , chariot races , polo matches , and an event called the Militare , which was the precursor to today 's modern 3 Day events .
Dressage competition was also part of the ancient games , even though it was n't called dressage then .
moving rugby positions ?
i played hooker last year and continued this year but i think i am too small .
i am 5ft4 and weigh 65kg should i move to outside center or in the backs .
Hookers can be small and still be effective .
It isnt that much of an issue .
As long as you can hook the ball back , get low and lock the scrum and props , you 're fine .
Torso 's are generally the same lenght , its the legs that define height , so it shouldnt stop you from locking the scrum .
Its not uncommon to see hookers at internation level being 5ft8 ' s and what not .
Not sure on how fast you are , but any back will need good / great pace and passing skills .
If you played hooker for a while i 'd worry that instinct is hampered and that physical level to burst through a gap isnt there .
But hey , I dont know your rugby career .
A hooker can certainly move to a centre position , as long as you can pass and defend you should do well there .
But a centre that can defend , pass and has the ability to break the line will likely be favoured first .
Hope you can transition well if you go for it , a lot of todays centre 's are bulky mutants almost so theres no reason your weight ca n't stop you if its high relative to your playing group .
It would of been of greater help if you were to mention your age .
However from what I am taking you are most probably a teenager or under the age of 18 .
Now first of all you could not have a bigger change of attributes by moving from a forward to a back , let alone a hooker to a center !
If you have been playing for a few years you have already developed skills in your position , moving to another will put you at square one .
Also the main attribute of a forward is strength and power , and for a back its speed and agility , you figure it out .
However tall or small or overweight or underweight you might think you are , it really does not make that much of a difference !
Hookers are generally short , and yes you might be a bit underweight for your position but that could easily be chanhged .
If you have talent in the position you are in now , stay there , if you still insist on moving , I suggest moving to the back row , most suited I would say is to be a flanker .
I advice NOT to move to the backs !
Good luck in your decicion if u r fast then outside centre even wing should do if ur not that quick go to flank How can ethanol be an alternative to fossil fuels ?
:
Describe ethanol as a possible alternative to fossil fuels .
Ethanol - Clean , renewable , made in America , creates jobs , infinite supply .
Oil - Dirty , non-renewable , imported from saudis , costs us jobs , finite supply .
Questions ?
Would someone tell Mojo , Corrie has it 's own Circus ?
HEY MOJO , THIS IS TO YOU :
CORRIE HAS IT 'S OWN CIRCUS ! ! !
Any websites about Brazil ?
i 'm doing an art project for school on brazil and i need to gather information .
i dont need information on art in brazil but i need websites about things like ; brazilian culture people language clothes music - songs , dances , instruments sports - soccer etc food festivals language poor and rich areas - eg. the favelas attractions - eg. christ the redeemer ( places you have to visit and ca n't miss ) the amazon rainforest - animals , plants , nature also are there any brazilian tribes ?
Basically like native Brazil i dont want tourist sites i want what a typical day on a brazilian street like how you 'd imagine the happy musical streets to be like and please if you can have a simple website easy to go around that give a lot of information but not to difficult to understand and im not really interested in the history of brazil A website with lots of interesting and nice images www.brazil.com Hello .
How thrilling that you are to do a project about Brazil .
It is a truly rich country .
Below I have provided 2 links that might be able to help you know more about Brazil .
Good Luck !
my printer wont scan ! ! !
please help ! ! ! ?
i have an hp photosmart c1350 all - in - one - printer .
i need to scan something onto my laptop and it wont scan !
i put the page on the scanner and then press the button to scan , but the only thing that happens is he power button on the printer blinks and thats it !
please help me i dont know what 's wrong : / What are some fun and innapropriate funny thing to search on wikipedia ?
The proper names of body parts , fortification acts .
Whatever you dirty heart desires .
They have removed the real po # n Most of it was computer generated to illustrate the position .
For everyone that complains about wiki they are the ones freely use the internet .
Also , these hypocrites have dead bodies in their basements .
Beware , of anyone that proclaims your own body is evil and wrong .
How can the body be evil if it was created by the creator ?
How to set up the scanning feature on a HP LaserJet 3300 ( Digital Printer - Copier - Scanner ) ?
I have already tried to download the basic drivers , restarting the computer / printer , and unplugging the USB cord but none of these seems to work .
When I try to scan , an error on the scanner says , `` Not Setup on PC '' .
Would anybody be able to help me ?
I have a PC that runs Windows XP first remove the driver which u installed from registry , and again from computer , clean the registry , restart the computer , reinstall the driver What are some fun free RACING MMORPG ?
What was the secret word on the Ellen Degeneres Show today 11/7/11 ?
Ca n't my elder retired horse lay down & relax w / o having to be put down ?
My thoroughbred mare was rescued 7 years ago & was boarded at a retirement foundation in sunny California .
She is around 26 give or take a few years ( tattoo too worn to trace her racing , jumper / hunter roots ) .
She is still feisty , loves hand walks and carrots , could prob use more exercise .
Has arthritis , and uveitis in one eye .
Lately , she rolls & takes a bit longer each time to get up .
Last week she stayed down for what was reportedly 2 hours .
The vet & I were alerted .
As I rushed out to the ranch , got a call : she popped up and was feistily eating hay from trough to trough .
My research shows lots of horses rest in the sun , that laying down does n't mean ' time to be put down ' .
Of course if she can not get up due to arthritis , and hurts herself , i. e. , breaks her leg , that would n't be good , but what if she really just wants to rest , and trusts her environment so much she feels it 's ok , then we come and the vet says ' put her down ?
' .
Ca n't a bit more exercise strengthen her haunches so she can get up more easily , thus avoiding a panic ?
I feel for you .
We have two geldings that are elderly ( one is 22 , the other is 29 ) and both have arthritis in their hind legs and hips .
The 22 year old 's favorite thing to do is lie down and take a nap in the sun when it 's warm out - and he does this every day .
This used to scare both me and my sister , and we would go out and get him up and sometimes even give him Banamine because we thought he was colicking .
But in reality , he 's just a horse that likes to take naps - and he will lie down and sleep for 2 or 3 hours at a stretch , and then get back up and start eating as though nothing had happened .
It sounds like your mare is in the same category as this gelding of ours - and just because she lies down to take a nap on a given day DOES N'T mean she 's ready to cross the Rainbow Bridge .
Our oldest gelding ( the 29 year old ) also lies down regularly , but he 's nowhere near ready for that either .
If you 're having issues with your vet saying `` put your horse down '' because she likes to take naps , then you need to FIND ANOTHER VET , PERIOD .
ANY competent vet will know the difference between a horse that is lying down to rest and one that is lying down because he or she has lost the `` righting '' instinct and is trying to die .
I think your mare should be treated the way we treat our geldings .
We just keep an eye on them and feed them well , and give them a little bit of bute every now and then to keep them comfortable .
In the winter , they have a shed they can rest under to get out of the weather .
But otherwise , we take no special precautions unless we see obvious signs that someone is clearly ill or in pain .
This vet and barn manager you 've been talking about sound like they are people who have a tendency to jump to conclusions , because they 've probably been taught that when a horse lies down for any length of time , it means that horse is probably ill or dying .
MANY horse people are taught this - it 's a myth which has been around for generations .
I was taught it too , when I first started learning to ride and work with horses .
Not all vets have access to the kind of documented research that you have , either , or they would realize that horses can lie down and sleep without suffering permanent harm , and that a sleeping horse is not necessarily a DYING horse .
The reason why I no longer panic when I see our older guys lying down ( especially if a bunch of the younger horses are also lying down at the same time ) is because I am aware that the idea that horses sleep standing up one hundred percent of their lives is TOTALLY FALSE .
The reality is that horses will INDEED LIE down if they feel safe and if condtions permit them to , and when they do this , it 's not a cause for alarm or panic unless a horse appears to be in distress .
This is even true for racehorses - the great filly Ruffian was one example of a horse who was famous for taking a nap every afternoon , and her trainer went to great lengths to see that she was n't disturbed while doing it .
As for your question about exercise , any horse can benefit from exercises that strengthen the hindquarters , regardless of age .
But you 'll want to talk to your vet and ask for help in planning an exercise or physical therapy program which is suited to your mare .
It may also be that she would benefit from being medicated with bute or perhaps from being given a supplement like Cosequin to provide joint support .
But just because she lies down every now and then is no reason to consider destroying her .
She will let you know when the end is near , believe me .
Until then , your focus should be on keeping her as comfortable as possible and making the quality of her life the highest that it can be .
It might also be good to do some pre-planning concerning end of life issues now , though , such as finding out what it will cost for euthanasia , including disposal and burial costs .
If you 're planning on home burial for your mare when the time comes , I would check with your local health department and find out ahead of time if there are laws or zoning restrictions which prohibit this where you live .
Also , find out where you can get a backhoe for digging a grave .
If you 're thinking of creamation as a disposal method , then it might be wise to do some calling around and get some price estimates ahead of time , so you 'll know what to expect .
The same goes for renderers and rendering plants .
Check out the reputations of the various service providers too - call the BBB and the other consumer organizations and find out if they have any record of complaints .
That way , you 'll be able to make the most cost effective decisions , and you 'll save yourself a lot of money and time , not to mention emotional stress .
Try posting this under PETS and HORSES and you 'll probably get better answers What to do in Belize ?
I 'm going to Belize on Thursday and I 'm not really sure what to do .
Any recommendations ?
I 'm staying in the city but I plan on traveling to Caye Caulker and that 's about the only plan I have .
If you 've been there I 'd love to here what you have to see .
I 'm just going there by myself ( 28 year old , single , guy ) .
I look forward to any recommendations .
Cheers !
Also , is the city safe ?
I used to live in Belize .
Great place to visit .
Lots of things to do .
If you are going to the cayes such as Caye Caulker or San Pedro on Amergris Caye you definitely want to check out the snorkelling and / or diving .
Belize has the the second longest barrier reef in the world and the diving there is simply fantastic ( done it ) .
There are dive tour operators that operate right off the beach in San Pedro ( never actually been to Caye Caulker ) .
You can also dive the world - famous `` Blue Hole '' .
Going to the Shark - ray alley and snorkelling with the nurse sharks and manta rays ( out of San Pedro ) was quite an experience .
on - shore there are some great eco-tours you can do .
There is some great scenery in the Mayan mountains .
The Belize Zoo , though small , is surprisingly good , featuring only ( I believe ) local animals from the jaguar on down and is fairly close to Belize City .
You asked if the city is safe .
I assume you mean Belize City .
Honestly it was a bit of a hole when I lived in the country but it may well have improved since then .
It does have a handful of decent hotels , ( see website below ) and is close to the international airport .
Although I ca n't really speak to the city 's safety standards , Belizeans are generally a pretty peaceful lot .
I do hope you have a great time .
I just left Belize after living there for the past two years . .
Caye Caulker is awesome ... very very low key though ...
Pretty much all of Belize . .
Do n't plan on doing any real partying except on the weekend .
San Ignacio is where I loved and I think it is the best town in Belize . .
If you are into out doorsy stuff you should go there . .
I recommend Maximum Adventures tour . .
Max is awesome . .
visit ATM caves and Big Rock Falls ... those are the best .
Where are auto junkyards in sw houston ?
Southwest Houston is a large area but maybe this link to southwest Houston auto junk yards will help you find what you 're looking for : http://www.yellowbook.com/yellow-pages/?what=auto+junk+yards&where=southwest+houston%2C+houston%2C+tx More info needed .
As far as pull - it - yourself wrecking yards , none .
What are some of the bluesy songs of The White Stripes ?
Like Ball and Biscuit Little bird Catch hell blues Death letter ( son house cover ) Instinct blues Stop breaking down ( robert johnson cover ) Little cream soda
All of their stuff is kind of bluesy , but these are really bluesy .
Lord , Send Me An Angel Jolene ( not originally a Stripes song but still bluesy ) Truth Does n't Make a Noise Apple Blossom In the Cold Cold Night Death Letter Do I Fought Piranhas exemples of how ellen degeneres is open minded ?
hi i 'm doing a project where we have to find a person who is open minded , i chose ellen , i alredy have a couple reasons but i need more ... help pleas !
Can nylon , rayon , polyester , or glass absorb oil or petroleum ?
NO !
We get rags at work sometimes that are made of nylon , rayon or polyester for cleaning up oil spills and stuff - we throw the whole box out and hope the next box contains cotton rags .
What qualifies as an `` associated act '' on wikipedia ?
In music and stuff Overnight bus from Porto Alegre to Igazu Falls ?
Does anyone know any bus company in Brazil that goes overnight from Porto Alegre to Igazu ?
Links are appreciated : ) Want to be skinny for summer 2012 ?
Going USA next year summer , I 'm 5ft 6 and over weight .
Do you think I will be able to be skinny and wear size small clothes and daisy dukes for the summer ?
Please tell me how to plan out my diet and exercise regime .
By the way and I 've got a gym membership but I cant go every single day .
Maybe 3 - 4 times a week .
Also I 'm going to buying dumbbells for my arms .
I 've got bingo wings .
Would this be possible ?
HELP with RRS Fraud and Concealment Division in Phoenix , AZ ?
Hello my auto loan is behind on payments and I working to resolve this but today my husband at work had someone approach him saying they were from the RRS Fraud and Concealment Division and left a card with my husband that looks like this
R R S Fraud and Concealment Division
`` someones name '' Field Investigator
I want to know what this is I was doing tons of searches but found that other people were finding this same problem .
They also wrote a note on the back saying this . .
`` We need to make arrangements to pick up the 2010 honda accord today .
Please call me at your earliest convenience . ''
They also mentioned that this will be going to court next week etc. I am a little scared as I have never been in this position before and want to know what I should do and if this is legit and what my rights are ?
Thanks It 's real = they know who your husband is , they know what kind of car you drive , and they know you are behind on payments .
Your choices at this point , is bring the car current including all late fees and penalities or hand the car over .
Thats almost unheard of , usually repo guys show up and take the car just like on tv , that is how it is done .
Call your lender and try to make payment arrangements and ask them if this is the company that they hired to repo the car or not .
I cant imagine anyone knowing your personal situation regarding your car but the loan company is the only company that would send repo guys out .
Your rights were to pay on time , by not making a commitment of a new pay arrangement they have every right to repo the car .
The car is usually sold at auction .
The amount of money gained from the auction is taken off what you owe .
You then still owe all this money and it wrecks your credit too .
Take them the car , the loan place or take it to where they tell you to take it .
If you take it in now , theres less chance of it getting damaged and being worth less at the auction .
I can only guess that someone has been trying to repo the car for a long time , and maybe feel that this has gone on long enough and legal charges are being brought up to get a quicker resolution for the company .
Its sad I know to lose your car but it is honestly thiers and they hold the title until it is paid off .
Is it too late to start rowing ?
I am a Novice competitive figure skater , and have been a hard working , intense training athlete for years .
I am currently in grade 10 .
I am thinking of giving up skating .
Is it too late to become a rower ?
Will I be too far behind to get in a good boat ?
What is a good dinner show to attend in LA ?
I 'm trying to find a good place to go for my birthday and thought maybe a dinner show would be a good idea but I do n't know of any in Los Angeles .
I 'm hoping I can get suggestions of places I could try what does it mean if someone says they are a painter ?
but they are not actually a painter .
ok thank you , but thats not exactly it .
what i mean is i cant tell if he is doing something illegal or not .
i mean he is a good guy and i dont think he would , but i am not entirely sure .
Maybe it 's a reference to something else like painting picture with words or a logical thinker that paints pictures by sharing views or beliefs .
How do you end your wave wave surfing ?
Surf the wave til it finishes in the whitewater then its a long paddle back out !
either pull an air off of the lip , or fall , or keep riding it until it closes out and then just lean back and fall carefully .
DO NOT DIVE when i surf , i ride until i get to the white water , but that 's just me Help on trotting on a horse WESTERN ?
I 've been riding for about three months and just switched barns .
At my old barn I was one of the best at trotting there .
But now I 'm terrible at it !
I am learning how to do barrels and I had just learned how to canter at my old place .
The horse I use is just sort of grumpy , but he likes to veer into jumps because he is a both way school horse and the saddle I was using was a huge saddle like a 18 and I 'm a 16 .
Do you think the huge saddle could be the problem because I 'm so confused !
I do know my diagnals , and I have very good posture .
I want to start playing the harmonica ?
But I have no idea where to start .
Last week , I saw a street band and in that band was a person playing the harmonica .
I was inspired , and now I want to pick the instrument up .
Does a harmonica sound good solo ?
I mean , is it a good instrument to play while not in a band ?
Where can I pick one up ?
What is a good starter harmonica that will last me until I get more experienced ?
I 'm not planning on spending money on lessons and such ( they would be very hard to find , anyway ) .
Is the internet a good place to get started ?
What does a person NEED to know before getting into it ?
Personal accounts would be great .
Thanks .
The harmonica sounds great solo .
I follow Ronnie Shellist on YouTube .
Your local music store probably has harmonicas .
I play Hohner Special 20s .
They cost between 25.00 - 45.00 dollars .
Start with key of C. Stay away from wooden comb harmonicas .
www.harptabs.com is a great resource for tabbed harmonica songs .
If you want to start on an inexpensive harmonica then do n't spend anymore than 5.00 for it .
Before I play my harp I brush my teeth .
Strive for a clear tone .
Good Luck ! !
to get an idea of what you can do on the `` harp '' check out : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4w4_2ZTWqM ( Christo Redemptor ... Charlie Musselwhite ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9d3UEfhtbmc ( Slow Blues in E. . . ZookyoMS ) I have a harmonica idk what happened to it but i got really good at playing musical solos in my mind and they come out in the harmonica .
I was going to buy one from a instrument store locally .
If u want a starter harmonica u can get one at a music store depends which u want starter are usually 5 - 20 bucks .
My harmonica was only 5.99 usd and it was a good harmonica i think .
Remember u dont need to pay alot for music to be born .
Oh and harmonica sounds beutifull in solo .
But a band of them is even better `` Hohner Marine Band 1896 '' in the key of `` C '' .
The Marine Band has been the standard for blues harmonica for the past 50 years .
Ignore the people who say do n't buy wooden combed harmonicas .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
I would suggest searching for a teacher in your town ( or the nearest city ) .
If you do n't want to do that , you could get a book from your local music store ( The books do Not have much useful information . They Do however usually cover basics of music theory . )
You will also find teachers on Skype .
Many famous harp players such as Dennis Gruenling offer lessons via Skype , but you must be at least an intermeddiate player ( he does n't take raw beginners ) .
The professional Blues harmonica community seems very different from other musicians as in there is a more openess or readiness to help .
Start searching professional harmonica player 's names , now see how many have an email / skype / phone that people can use .
You will be surprised by the amount .
There are Many Professionals out there that are willing to help if you just email them a Reasonably written email ( some will even accept a phone call ) .
But Know what you need first , do n't ask raw - beginner questions .
-- -
If you start by yourself you Must be aggressive in your approach to learning .
* Teaching yourself music is Exactly like teaching yourself a different language .
The thing you should do now is to Start listening to harmonica players / Blues ALL DAY .
These guys :
Muddy Waters Junior Wells Howlin'Wolf Sonny Boy Williamson II Little Walter James Cotton Billy Branch George `` Harmonica '' Smith Big Walter Horton Carey Bell Sonny Terry Charlie Musselwhite Kim Wilson Sugar Blue Jimmi Reed Dennis Gruenling Willie Dixon Dr. Iseah Ross Slim Harpo Rod Piazza
Good Luck I need a limo to pick me up from my house in Irvington , N.J .
and take me to and from New York . ?
I need a 6 passenger limo to take us to and from New York City for an evening at a play and dinner ZIP - LINE INTO WATER RESEARCH ?
Im doing some precedent research on zip - lines for a Landscape Architecture studio I want to put in a Zip - line that would start from a large drumlin and end into a river .
The distance is large between point A and B so a harness device will be needed .
Does anyone know if there is a zip - line that gets to a certain point then releases you from the cable and drops you .
Instead of having the paparticipantive directly into the water from the zzip - line I would like for it to release the use above the river and free - fall approximately15 - 25 ' into the river
Has any of this been done before ?
Bachelorette party in Dallas ?
I 'm throwing a bachelorette party in Dallas this weekend and need ideas on where to go !
We are going to La Bares one night & I wanted to find a club to go to as well , preferably close to La Bares .
We are staying close to Uptown so I was thinking of just going out on Mckinney Ave the next night . .
any ideas ? ?
What makes Tim Hortons so speical ?
If it is your favourite Fast Food , why ?
Please tell me briefly , I need it for a school project !
Thanks ! ! !
( Anything like Cheap , favouitr food etc. . . )
ice capps r bomb and their bagels are to I dont really eat the food but the best thing is their iced caps Its the canadian creamer ( heavy cream ) that they put in their coffee and freshness .
Coffee is only kept for 20 minutes after brewing .
what is better , lower or midtown Manhattan ?
which side is better / safer / fun etc. . .
lower or midtown ?
not for living perferably commuting college / work You ca n't answer this .
New york is different .
Different in every section .
Different in every area .
Different on every street .
You need to assess every corner for yourself .
To give you an opinion on your question , I like some places in lower Manhattan and Mid-town .
Lower = more fun .
Midtown would be a little more space out . .
what challenges do farmers face in Mexico 's countryside ?
The biggest challenges are starvation and corruption .
Too little rain .
Too much rain .
Storms .
Lack of fertilizer .
Lack of help .
Most of the farming is subsistence .
Children not available , not much help .
Can not afford to miss your work where you earn money .
Too many of the younger people emigrated to the United States .
The farmers near Tequila had robbers come in and steal their blue agave because of the value .
They had to change the law that you could not sell that unless you were a registered grower .
These are the ones I have seen first hand .
Not all places have them , not all people have them , but all people have a rough time because they are poor .
I hope you get the idea .
Finding soil betwix all the rocks .
Should I play on a younger team ?
I 'm a sophomore in high school but I 'm young enough to play 15s club volleyball .
I was offered a spot on 15 - 2 ( area , so not as competitive as power ) and a spot on the third area team for 16s .
So probably 16 - 6 if you wan to look at it that way .
The coach of 16 - 6 says that 15 - 2 might be more competitive but I already played on a 15 - 2 team last year ( it was n't a good team last year ) .
Most people my grade play 16s .
I know the coach for the 16s team will give me a lot of playing time and my old coach says that he ( new coach ) is excited to have me on his team .
Also , the 15 - 2 coach also coaches the 15 - 1 team ( which I did not make but have freshman friends that did ) so it might be kind of awkward .
So which team should I choose ?
You should always compete with people that are older than you .
It will make you better as a player .
Whatever you want and think youll like better ! !
Where to buy an ice luge ( mold ) in toronto . ?
Anyone have any idea where to buy one .
Its where you pour the alcohol through the ice .
If you know about Kumon can u help ?
I keep calling kumon today to ask for a job but they do n't answer .
I checked the website and I have the right number and the right date and time to call .
my mom does n't understand why either .
http://www.job-applications.com/kumon-job-application / Venice vs. Rome in Italy ?
I mean to live , safety , and more enjoyment : ) well think of it this way , if you had the money , and you can choose AGAIN to live , safety , and more enjoyment : )
Thanks .
for safety is best venice but for enjoyment rome , for alive rome , I 'm italian Definitely , Venice .
Rome is so large , expansive , scattered and expensive .
In Venice , you can get around town more quickly and find cozier areas to live and socialize .
Has anyone driven from Texas to Cancun in past year and how long did it take ?
My wife , and I have been driving to Cancun every year for the past 17 years .
I remember the first time we drove it took us three overnights to drive from Brownsville to Cancun .
Now it takes us two overnights .
The reason is we are now very familiar with the roads , and since we first started driving to Cancun , Mexico has improved the roads tremendously , but I wish they would fix the stretch of road between Tampico , and Vera Cruz .
It 's approximately 1,500 miles from the boarder to Cancun depending on the route you take .
We start our trip from Long Island on the December 1 every year , and we get to Cancun by the 12/6 , or later if we decide to stop at Coasta Esmerelda , or Bacalar for a night , or two before arriving in Cancun .
We spend three months in Cancun , and during the first week in March ( the start of spring break ) we drive into Central America .
We travel throughout C.A .
for a few weeks before driving back into Mexico , and stop at Palenque for a week before heading home .
Last year our entire trip was 10,248 miles .
Every five years , or so we drive to Cabo San Lucas .
On those trips we put up to 14,000 miles on the truck .
I drove from Colorado to Argentina on my motorcycle .
If you 're near El Paso , you 'll have to pass through Juarez ( good luck ) .
It highly depends on where you 're located in Texas .
You can make it in 3 - 4 days if you start in El Paso .
San Antonio you 'll make it in 2 .
We have made the trip from Minnesota to Playa just south of Cancun at least 10 times .
The first few times it took 5 days from the border south about 1,400 miles .
We would stop as soon as it got dark and get up early and drive .
Always driving during the daylight about 8 hours .
We now drive 24 hours as we know the route and driving habits of Mexico .
Driving habits and rules are very different in Mexico and if indeed you plan this trip talk to someone who has driven in Mexico to give some most needed tips .
Hellpppp ? ? ? ! ! ! !
Droid 3 problemss ! ?
I have the verizon wireless droid 3 and i hate how if you get a message it just shows a little envelope on the top and vibrates and i was wondering if there was anyway that it could pop up when u have a message like any other phonee ... .
also sometimes my camera gets really blurry and wont focus how can i fix that ? ?
What was Guy Fieri 's giveaway today ?
Guy Fieri gave something away on Rachael Ray today .
( 11/7/11 ) It was either , his cookbook , buffalo balls , or Rachaels utensils .
Anyone know what it was ?
= ) How much would it cost to fly from dallas , tx to antigua , guatemala ?
during spring break ?
Technically you would n't fly to Antigua .
First you 'll fly to Guatemala City and then take a taxi or bus to Antigua .
If you take either , make sure you do n't get ripped off , because they do n't have metered taxis .
When you walk out of the Airport in Guatemala City you 'll be hounded by both bus drivers and taxi drivers and they 'll be looking to screw you over .
If you 're a student or under 26 check out StaTravel.com they offer student discounts and are generally the cheapest way to go .
How would I input this address into usps site ?
The `` 1468 '' is a po box number
Full address :
BARRIO CORDOBA , CASA 6E 125 ESTE OFICINAS MOPT ZAPOTE , SAN JOSE 1468 Costa Rica
So the only thing I can guess is :
Full Name : xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx Address 1 :
PO Box 1468 Address 2 :
BARRIO CORDOBA Address 3 :
CASA 6E 125 ESTE OFICINAS MOPT City :
ZAPOTE Province :
SAN JOSE Postal Code : 10106
Costa Rica I do this all the time and here is what works 1000f the time for me .
Full Name : xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx Address 1 :
Apdo # 1468 - BARRIO CORDOBA - CASA 6E 125 ESTE OFICINAS MOPT Address 2 :
Address 3 :
City :
ZAPOTE Province :
SAN JOSE Postal Code : 10106 I 'd would say :
Address 1 :
Apartado Postal 1468 Address 2 : 125 m este Oficinas MOPT Address 3 :
Barrio Cordoba , Casa 6E City :
Zapote Province :
San Jose Postal Code : 10106
But , I 'm not sure if you really have to write the address 2 because with the PO Box and address 3 would be enough .
Not sure though .
Good luck !
I do n't think it is a post office box because it is a house address .
I would put the 1468 after San Jose if you can .
Anyone know a good karioke bar in Vancouver ?
I am looking for a bar in the city of Vancouver , BC ( not out in the suburbs ! )
with open floor style karioke .
Not the Japanese style with a private table .
Anyone know a good place ?
Hoko Sushi Karaoke Bar 362 Powell Street , Vancouver BC ( Vancouver )
is the best .
NJOY !
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA Summer Volleyball league in Calgary ?
Does anybody know if there is such thing as a summer volleyball league in Calgary AB ?
Usually there are only club teams available that start in late summer and continue throught the fall .
However , there are camps available if you check your local university , sportspex or YMCA where are some fun cheap hangout spots in Los Angeles area on a rainy day for teenagers ?
so me and a couple of my friends are going out for my birthday but so far we only planned on going out to eat .
We want to do something else but we do n't have anything in mind .
It 's is supposed to rain the day we are going but we do n't know anywhere to go that would be fun .
We do n't really want to go to the movies because we always go there or the mall because that ' ' s boring also and plus we are all going to be a little dressed up as is wearing heels .
Where are some good cheap fun spots to hangout in Los Angeles , CA on a rainy day ?
the art museum Burlesque lounges in Los Angeles ?
Are there any Burlesque lounges in LA strictly based around Burlesque performances ?
http://local.yahoo.com/results;_ylt=ApFxSRpr0DE74zPeuTV8oa6HNcIF;_ylv=3?p=Burlesque+lounge&csz=Los+Angeles%2C+CA&sortby=topresults
http://www.blackbookmag.com/guides/los_angeles/nightlife/a/features--burlesque
http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=lounge+dark+burlesque&find_loc=Los+Angeles%2C+CA
http://events.la.com/los-angeles-ca/events/burlesque+lounge+la
http://www.chacha.com/question/does-the-burlesque-lounge-in-los-angeles-exist
http://events.orangecounty.com/irvine-ca/events/burlesque+lounges+in+los+angeles
http://www.yellowbot.com/search?lat=34.053490&long=-118.245319&q=burlesque&place=Los+Angeles%2C+CA How to be a better gymnast ?
Hi all , I am in 11th grade , 17 years old , about 5 ' 4 `` and 130 pounds .
I am a level 7 about in gymnastics because I took 2 years off .
I was wondering what I can do to become a better gymnast .
I am not very strong but I have a lot of cardiovascular endurance .
I am a cross country runner .
However I need more muscular strength and endurance to be a better gymnast .
So I have a few main question .
What can I do on off days to get stronger ?
What can I eat to become healthier and drop extra weight but have enough energy ?
How can i improve ?
Foods to becoming a better gymnast ?
What can I eat to drop body fat for gymnastics ?
What is a good diet for a gymnast ?
I am 5 ' 4 `` and 130 lbs. I used to be about 118 but I stopped working out and have n't controlled my eating .
What can I do to drop weight and get healthy ?
help me in making the talk show about the lost hero . ?
i am going to make a talk show about lost hero .
please help me .
Can you please add me on tumblr ?
forever - and - ever01.tumblr.com Do you have a website that is live streaming USA women Volleyball team matches in World Cup ?
Thanks in advance what channel does the Ellen show come on ( in Toronto ) ( in numbers ) ?
Spring break orange beach ?
does anyone know of some cheap hotels on or REALLY close to the beach in Orange Beach , Alabama ! ? ! ?
http://www.cityoforangebeach.com/pages_2011/index.php
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orange_Beach,_Alabama Which career would suit me in my future ?
I have thought about lots of careers in my past , ( Although i 'm only 12 ) .
My current average school grades :
Math :
A Science :
B + French :
C + Social Studies :
B Language Arts ( English ) :
B + Art :
A Food Studies :
A Gym :
B Careers I have thought of : - Computer Engineer - Animal Vet - Teacher Things about myself : - Fairly lazy - Bit impatient - Animal lover - Laptop Addict - Fairly friendly .
Facts I want to know :
Average pay for each career .
Which one YOU think I should be interested in .
And tell me how hard it is for each career .
( Like telling me if its hard , easy , challenging , and then explain WHY ! )
Also , what should I do to improve myself ? ? ?
Thank you all who will or had answered , and PLEASE do n't say things like , `` Oh , Its up to you ! ''
Because I want to hear your opinion .
Thanks !
PS :
I WAS RECENTLY INTERESTED IN BEING A VET , BUT PEOPLE SAY IT IS EVEN HARDER THAN BEING A DOCTOR !
IS IT REALLY THAT HARD ? ? ?
ALSO DO N'T FORGET THE FACT THAT I 'M ONLY 12 ! ! !
What is the average number of cars per household in Venezuela ?
1 1.2 - average Outside or Caracas there is likely one for each adult male family ( dependent upon how well off they are ) Many families in Venezuela are large families and ouside of the Capital you need a car to get around .
how much silver and platinum is in a 1996 olympic torch ?
How can I get the info back from my My Space Groups ? ! ?
Me and my friends had a load of really really important things on our my - space groups and since my - space has deleted groups we 've lost it all !
I know that sometimes websites do n't delete pages they just disconnect them from the main website so does anyone know of anyway I might be able to somehow locate them ?
please any info would help we are really really desperate !
I tried searching the names of the groups but since they were private I do n't think I can find them that way Let 's roleplay on MSN ?
yo !
If you 're into ROLEPLAY add me to your messenger ( blackcatcxiii@hotmail.com ) we can do any type of roleplay also you can add me on facebook to roleplay : ) Sorry im not so MUFFIN ! ! !
what are 3 major jobs in chile ?
Most demanded professionals during 2009 and 2010 : - Commercial Engineering - Industrial Engineering - Business Administration - Certified Public Accountant ( Contador Auditor ) - Civil Engineering
Fastest growing sectors : - Engineering - Informatics - Health
Best paid careers : - Mining Engineering - Industrial Engineering - Civil Engineering ( Industrial , Electric , Electronic , Mechanical , Chemical )
Least demanded professionals : - Journalists - Psychologists - Architects
Most demanded technical careers : - Systems Analyst - Executive Secretary - Business Administration Technician - General Accountant - Mechanical Technician - Electric Technician - Matron - Medical Technician
Distribution of occupation by sector in Chile , October - December 2010 .
20.93 % --
Commerce ( wholesale , retail ) , repair services 11.68 % --
Manufacturing 10.56 % --
Agriculture , ranching , forestry , hunting 8.20 % --
Construction 7.31 % --
Transport , communications 6.91 % --
Teaching 6.55 % --
Domestic service 6.00 % --
Real estate , rental 5.16 % --
Public administration 16.69 % --
Other activities Coal Miner Coal Mine administrator Those who rescue trapped Coal Miners HOW DOES BRITISH MONEY WORK ? ? ? ? ?
HELP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
so if something in canada cost 50 dollars , in in british way it would be 30.So how do i refer to it ?
In canada we say DOLLARS , but how do they write it in the british way ? ?
( 30 . . ? )
The British currency is called the Pound and is marked like this : £ or ₤ Are there any alternate fingerings for an E-Eb trill on a tenor saxophone ?
Trying to play by ear a song which sounds great with the trill mentioned above .
Are there any alt. fingerings for E or Eb to make the trill easier ?
You should really just practice getting those fingers moving , but if that is not an option , try finding matching pitches with different combinations of palm keys in your left hand .
Do n't press the octave key and see if you can match the pitch of an E with a palm F or F - sharp .
Play around a bit with different combinations .
You do n't have to finger actual notes .
Hopefully you will be able to find something that works well for you .
If not , you better get practicing .
Hi Jamyson .
You can try 2 different fingerings for this difficult trill .
1 .
Use the palm keys without the octave key .
This is the D and Eb , and then trill the top side key with the bottom hand .
( This way is easiest but out of tune . )
2 .
Finger third space Eb and trill the bottom third finger .
( This way is better in tune but physically more difficult . )
Please check out my website at http://www.saxophone-guy.com / Good luck to you Jamyson .
Guy Chamberlin what genre is the weeknd ?
I love the weeknd . .
but I want to tell my friends what genre it is .
here are some of his songs 1st one : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOS8Tnej6EU&feature=channel_video_title 2nd One : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDxJjScQgQI Well , he calls himself a R&B singer .
How do I stay in shape / keep up with my skills during this off season ?
hey everyone !
So this year we had a good volleyball season !
And now its over : ( Since money is tight doing club is WAY out of the question and thats it ... pulling out $ 800 is really hard .
I have been making a plan to do in home biking EVERYDAY / EVERY other day so i can stay in shape during the winter and spring till summer when open gyms start again ...
I AM FREAKING OUT !
...
I HATE in home biking . .
its annoying my like crazy ... is there any other way i can stay in shape ?
ones that will make me SWEAT ?
And are there ANY tips or drills to work on setting placement ?
thanks to everyone who answers !
: ) Just keeping doing workouts , lots of cardio , and it 's good to work on core strength because you use your abdominal muscles for lots of skills in volleyball , right ?
Just keep a good balance of cardio workouts and strength .
As for the setting placement , if you have access to a basketball net , work on getting your sets into the basket ball hoop instead of just shooting , eventually , work on doing it without he ball touching the rims .
And setting against the wall helps with consistency .
Happy off - season !
You should eat alot of vegetables , and drink plenty of water .
Go to the gym and exercise .
Do n't eat heavy meals at night .
This should help you lose weight .
Work on weaving between cones , jumping through rungs of ladders , using a medicine ball , core strengthening , strength , but DO NOT DO LEG PRESS .
Leg press WILL shorten your jump .
Why is MySpace not as popular anymore ?
Was it like AOL ?
Or was it different ?
In reality MySpace was nothing like AOL as AOL was a completely different setup out of the gate .
However there maybe some parallels between the two as to how they rose to the top , and then fell from there , when bought by a media based entity .
Both were either at , or near the top when they were bought by a media outlet , both within a few years fell from their positions , and were either sold off , or made separate entities later on due to the losses financially .
A big part of why MySpace , is n't as popular as they were in the past , is they moved away from being a social network , and into becoming a social entertainment destination .
Also many of the older users have realized that the site is aimed more at the younger crowd .
The former owner News Corp felt that if they lost most users over the age of twenty five that such attrition was acceptable .
They removed everything , or changed things in such a way , that was of interest to the older users , in what now appears to be an attempt to drive them away .
Now the site is going to be more about becoming more of an entertainment destination , and less about socializing with concentration more on the youth culture , and music .
Which means that the music will be if I read between the lines correctly , geared toward , and for the youth culture .
Also it means that celebrities take the front seat , and users are there for the benefit of the celebrities as it 's going to be the celebrities who the site depend on to draw the youth culture in and keep them until they reach about the age of twenty five , but not much past that .
Which sadly I 'm generally not in that crowd as I 'm well past the demographics that they are interested in keeping interested .
I 'm welcome to basically stay , to stay in touch with friends I have there , but the content , and what I use the site for now , is no longer pertinent to the ownership , which is Specific Media , Justin Timberlake , and now minority stake holder News Corp.
If the site is to ever regain any of it 's past glory , then the new majority owners , and Justin Timberlake need to reconsider the route being taken , get back to the basics , make the site more welcoming to everyone regardless of age .
Restoring all that was removed , or drastically altered that drove away millions of users , which was at the base of what brought people to the site .
It got sold to a larger corporation .
Now Myspace consists of Ad 's and bad quality social networking .
Who wants that .
Is flushing mall in NY opened on date of Thanksgiving ?
flushing mall
133 - 31 39th Ave Flushing , NY 11354 How often do you go out to eat and do u live in a rural / suburb / or urban area ?
How often do you go out to eat and do u live in a rural / suburb / or urban area ?
im doin a school project your input is so helpful to me !
thankyou !
I live in an urban area and go out to eat around 5 times a week I go out to eat about once or twice a month , i live in a suburban area .
How often do you go out to eat and do u live in a rural / suburb / or urban area ?
im doing a survey for a school project your quick input is very helpful to me I live in the rural area .
and like once every three months ?
maybe less .
I live in a suburban area and I never eat out because I 'm frugal .
I live in a rural area.I eat out about twice a week .
I am unable to access the USB drive , when scanned with symantec AV the scan stops at Folderku.exe ?
Need help . ?
Do a scandisk first .
That will correct any clusters or cross-chained data on the USB Drive .
than , run the AV. Install or fix a keyboard or mouse ( having USB type connector ) and test it , if it does not work your USB port has failed , change or rectify the necessary hardware.If you have multiple USB ports , and many of them are not working then it is definitely hardware problem .
USB Virus Scan .
it could help you to fix the problem.check source for the link . .
How do I save photocopies as pictures ?
I need to send a front and back copy of my CPR certificate to my online teacher .
How do I save it as a picture ?
I have a photocopier , but I have no clue what to do , aside from placing the certificate on the glass .
After scanning you should be able to save your scan - make sure you save scan as a jpeg - then you can attach jpeg file to email Can you help me find a blues album by a description of its cover ?
I was in pittsburgh weeks ago and visited a record shop on Murray Avenue where vinyl was piled floor to ceiling everywhere .
It was a magnificent place , and on the stereo was playing one of the most raw and fascinating southern blues albums I 've ever heard in my life .
The music was just intense and wonderful .
I went up to the owner to ask the name and try to purchase it .
He showed me the album : a black and white cover with an image of an elderly black man , maybe wearing a hat , not sporting an instrument .
I think the background was a porch or a field .
Anyway , he said the album was rare , that he had received it as a gift and that it was n't for sale .
I went home and found it on Amazon , but I forgot to put it on my wishlist , and now I ca n't remember what it was .
Please help !
I need this music in my life .
You 're describing literally dozens ( if not more ) covers .
Do n't you have even a clue about the name ?
That would help a lot .
I can tell you that a black and white photo leads me to think it was a release on either Document , Folkways , or Arhoolie .
Both have discographies available online to search through .
If you can offer any more info .
I can probably make a better guess at who it might be .
Sadly , it is not by Robert Johnson because the only known photo has him with his guitar .
But , if you are new to the blues the complete works by RJ would be a great place to start ( there are only 29 songs ) .
However , it could be Sleep John Estes `` In Europe '' Best of luck in your search .
is it cheap living in freiburg germany ?
for rent for food for liquor Is this dan villegas , my ex landlord ?
My mom does n't believe me that Mexico is n't poor .
What do I say to her ?
I ca n't really explain why Mexico is n't poor ; but when I told that to my mom , she goes like this :
Yes it is .
Mexico is poor , I 'm telling right now .
In a way Mexico is poor ; but just because some of the people in Mexico are poor , that does n't mean Mexico is a poor country .
Because it is n't !
Why ca n't my mother believe me that Mexico is n't a poor country ?
How do I describe why so that she will get the whole idea of it ?
Mexico is only poor compared to 1st world nations especially the wealthiest nation on the planet who sits right above it ( the US ) .
If your mom thinks Mexico is `` really poor '' , have her look at some recent photos and videos of places like Ethiopia , Somalia , North Korea , Bangladesh , Afghanistan , etc. mexico has some of the wolds richest people but it also have some of the poorest communities in the northern hemisphere xxxx Tell her that they do n't have a middle class .
In Mexico you are either rich or you have nothing at all .
That fact is demonstrated in their neighborhoods .
It is common to see mansions and huts within a stone 's throw of one another .
American neighborhoods on the other hand are built with consistent value throughout .
That is why Americans have a neighborhood for every tax bracket .
Is there a site like http://geakets.com where you can post funny code snippets ?
What are the best 18 + clubs in Miami ?
I am traveling to Miami for my 21st birthday ( some of my friends are not 21 so I need 18 + ) .
What are some of the best clubs for VIP ?
And some good places for dinner too .
; ) For a VIP there 's the orange crunch - cakers club Power Lifting competitions in New York City ?
I ca n't seem to find any power lifting competitions in new york city for high school aged students , can anyone help me find some ?
How often do you go out to eat and do u live in a rural / suburb / or urban area ?
How often do you go out to eat and do u live in a rural / suburb / or urban area ?
thank you so much for your input it is for my school project 5 days a week for lunch - the company where I work has agreements with several local restaurants .
Weekdays , I rarely go out to eat in the evening , but on the weekends , I often go to Florence or Verona or Venice and eat while there .
I live in a small city in Emilia Romagna in northern Italy .
I live in a rural area and I would say I go out about 3 times or less a week I am also 18 years of age How often do you go out to eat and do u live in a rural / suburb / or urban area ?
it is for a school project thx so much for your input I rarely go out to eat at restaurant , it 's not that I 'm lazy or anything ; but I just love my mom 's cooking !
I could never get tired of it !
< 3 If it 's like on special occasionsike Sweet 16 ' s , Birthday Parties , then I would go .
Other than that not really .
I live in the suburbs ( : About 3 times a week total . Suburb . Once every few weeks . Urban . Where can I find the printable application for the Brazilian Passport ? I found the online application for obtaining a Brazilian Passport , but have been unable to find a printable version . I keep going around in circles . Any Help ? !
Thank you !
Hello .
The link below might be able to help you However , it is in the native language .
If you know the language this is the one for you .
The application for obtaining a Brazilian Passport is not done on paper , it 's an online application created by SERPRO and it goes straight to the Minsitry of Forreign Affairs and the Brazilian Federal Police .
What you print is the protocol number so they can track your application .
Just follow all the steps in the link bellow .
https : / / scedv.serpro.gov.br / frscedv / manterPassaporteComum.do # what are some similarities between the U.S. and Colombia ?
like what do they have in common ?
:
DDD perhaps something suitable for a school project nothing fancy , nothing too short and not a million sentences please :
D I am not going to do your project for you , but you need to narrow your criteria down .
About the only thing they do n't have in common is their heritage and locations in the hemispheres .
They both have a president , sprawling cities and small towns , snow covered mountains , deserts , large rivers , designated wilderness areas , ocean fronts , Amerindians , mestizos , whites , Spanish and English speaking people , the list goes on and on .
We both love cocaine Where would one typically begin when arranging a song for a Jazz Band ?
I 'd like to do an arrangement of Andy Mckee 's `` Ebon Coast '' for my high school Jazz band ... trouble is , this is my first year playing with any sort of big band , and , being a guitarist , I have very little experience with the `` workings '' of a Big Band .
What `` parts '' of a song do the various sections , such as the trumpets , saxes , etc , typically get ?
first , conceptualize the arrangement .
Think about what you want to do with it .
Is it going to be giant walls of screaming trumpets ?
is it going to be sparse ?
what sort of overall style or feel is it going to have ( latin , funk , swing , etc )
What sort of beginning , middle , and end will it have ?
Who does what in each part ?
for example , who plays the melody in the beginning ?
does someone else take the lead in the bridge ?
who solos ?
Once you have an overall plan together , start writing out the harnonization in concert pitch ( i.e. do n't worry about transposing the parts till you have a set of parts that works untransposed )
Maybe you wont do much more than just use the chords in the standard arrangement .
Or maybe you 'll do all sorts of unusual harmonizations , modulations into other keys , etc.
Now assign voices in the chordal background to horns .
For example , you might have trumpets and alto saxes playing the upper partials ( or taking turns ) of the chords , bones and tenors playing middle notes , and bari playing the low notes of the chords .
Mix and match .
Play with textures .
The same chord played just in saxes sounds different than the same chord played in brass only , and you can mix the voices to get different colors .
Once you know what everyone 's playing ( or maybe as you go ) do a range check .
make sure none of your parts are too high or too low for the instrument that you intend to play them .
( an orchestration book will tell you the written and sounding range of each instrument )
Finally , write out transposed parts .
i.e. Trumpets are pitched in Bb , meaning that the trumpet 's written C sounds as Bb concert ( i.e. it sounds a step lower than written , so you need to transpose the part for trumpet up a step from concert pitch . )
Do this for all the different parts as necessary .
When you 're done , gather up all your parts and go to the local copy store and make at least three copies : one for you , one to hand out , and an extra , just in case .
Buy a box of pencils too .
There are always mistakes that creep in .
When the band plays your arrangement , if there 's a mistake ( maybe you left out a sharp or something ) ask the player to write in the correction on his part .
Yes , it 's a lot of work !
But it is really cool to hear your own piece played by the band .
Maybe this is too much work if you do n't have a ton of experience and more importantly a ton of theory under your belt ... if so , just arrange for a small combo .
( i.e. one sax , one trumpet , and a rhythm section . )
Or you might cut out some of the work by saying things like `` Bones play the root of the chord , tenors the fifth , altos the third , trumpets play the topmost extension ( 7th , 9th , 13th ) '' etc. But this is counting on your players to do more than they perhaps can do .
Anyway , good luck .
Hope it is rewarding experience .
And dont be afraid to ask your band director or some of the other players for help .
No reason to have to do all of it yourself .
Professional arrangers have copyists who help them , and professional bands have arrangers who help them .
Who will win :
Bull vs. Horse ?
Pink 's hotdogs in LA or portillo 's ?
which have the better hot dogs in your opinion ?
Portillo 's wins this , no contest .
If this was a boxing match , Pinks would be knocked out first round .
Pinks is not actually bad , but it is one of the most overblown , overhyped , and way - too - long - a - line spots of any kind in all of greater Los Angeles .
Pink 's hot dogs definitely !
I agree .
Pinks .
What to wear to the Bahamas in Jan. ?
I 'm going on a cruise in Jan. to the bahamas we 're leaving from miami to grand bahama island to nassau i was hoping to get an idea what to pack .
( sun dresses , short / tanks , capris ) im reading that its on average around 70 - 75 is this correct also it does get cooler at night but we will be on the ship so im not too worried ?
if so i know thats not super warm but the sun does help .
never been there before anything can help thanks !
YOu are not going on a real cruise . .
all those ' cruises ' to the Bahamas are just CHEAP BOOZE CRUISES they are no REAL cruises . .
you do know that . .
right ?
The Bahamas are IN THE ATLANTIC OCEAN they are not in the Caribbean Sea . .
you DO know that . .
right ?
And being in the ATLANTIC OCEAN the water is COLDER and the WEATHER is COLDER than it would be in the Caribbean .
The ' feels like `` temperatures depend on the wind .
For EVERY KNOT of wind speed , the temperature drops ONE DEGREE F. On a Cruise ship doing 15 KNOTS going into an air temp. of 60 degrees , the FEELS LIKE temp can be 45 DEGREES .
( 60 - 15 = 45 ) you do know that . .
right ?
And if the wind is blowing on the bow , it can get close to FREEZING ( 32 degrees ) on deck . .
you know that too . .
right ?
In January , Nighttime temps in the Bahamas can get down into the low 50 ' s you do know that . .
right ?
T - Shirts and Jeans .
The Avg. is 62f low to a high of 77f in January .
I HIGHLY recommend you buy a long sleeve surf top and a big hat and zinc based ( 7 % + ) sunblock - Coppertone .
The thing over there is the sun. You will burn easily .
At night , jeans and a t shirt - maybe a sweatshirt as well .
What are the best loge seating at indian wells ?
We are trying to buy tickets for indian wells and we would like to know what the best loges seats are , back , side , diagonal , anyone know ?
i need help with la groupe du nom et la noyaux please give example ?
how do i find them in a fench sentences after i find gn is the rest the noyaux ?
( noyaux main verb ) Am I loca for wanting to move to Madrid ?
I am 26 , I am from a traditional Italian home in Canada .
I have lived in Scotland , England and Spain before teaching at private schools / doing my master 's and I 've been home ( in Canada ) for a year .
It 's been a tough adjustment because I 've become so accustomed to European life .
Also , I can not find a teaching job in toronto as they are scarce here .
I have european citizenship due to my Italian background .
I have recently been offered a job in Madrid for January .
I am thrilled because I 'm absolutely obsessed with Spanish culture , I get to teach again , and reunite with my european friends .
But I have yet to tell my father and I 'm really afraid because my brother just got married last week , my parents have split up and I dont want to leave my father all alone .
Those from a european background will understand what I am saying .
I also do n't know if I can start over AGAIN .
Keep in mind I 've moved countries 4 times in 4 years !
Would I be crazy to do this again ?
Thoughts ?
Opinions ?
Suggestions ! !
Well , if it 's a dream of yours , I say go for it .
It 's nice you keep in mind your father , but you two are your own person , and it 's up to you if you want to live your life or put your father first .
Try making a list of Pros and cons. Then throw it out ( they do n't help ) and cross your fingers and make your choice .
Would n't it be hypocritical of your Italian family ( living in Canada ) to oppose you moving abroad ?
- even if for a short time ?
- Surely they held up two fingers to their Italian relatives when they bailed out of the old country for pastures new ?
No.
Not crazy .
Someone wants to give you a job , and take care of the visa and such ?
Go for it !
See , the biggest obstacle for citizens of the US , Canada , and like countries , is the employment situation and lack of visa availability .
If you have someone taking care of that ... you should take advantage of the opportunity .
For the parents .
would yu prefer to go parasailing or a yacht cruise ?
?
Its for my Christmas gift to them .
the yacht cruise however is not romantic and a group of people will be with them .
Dad gets motion sick but i think he 'll be fine
i ca n't decide which one and i ca n't afford a romantic private cruise coz im only 16 ...
If you dad gets SEA SICK then WHY would you saddle some yacht crew with some simple minded person who throws up on deck ?
Motion sickness is NOT a disease or a sickness . .
it is a LEARNED TRAIT that may children developed early in life to keep their parents from going on trips . .
nothing can kill a fund trip than some kid throwing up and these kids know it . .
so they learn to be motion sick so they do n't have to leave home or go on trips . .
and it stays with them into adulthood .
Smoke weed Which of these 3 rising stars will be the biggest in the coming years ?
- Alexander Dolgopolov
Age : 23 Current Ranking : 17 Titles : 1 ( Umag )
- Kei Nishikori
Age : 21 Current Ranking : 24 Titles : 1 ( Delray Beach )
- Milos Raonic
Age : 20 Current Ranking : 30 Titles : 1 ( San Jose )
My money is on Kei Nishikori .
I mainly asked this question now because people are finally recognizing him :
P He won his first title 3 years ago at 18 years old ( def Blake ) .
He also , in the same year , beat no.4 David Ferrer in the 3rd round of the US Open .
Recently he has soared up the rankings ( 21 above the second highest Japanese in history ) , and has defeated both Tomas Berdych and `` unbeatable '' Novak Djokovic .
He was out for around a year and a half because of a troublesome elbow injury .
One could only imagine where he 'd be right now if he was injury - free ...
So yeah .
Who ya got ?
Dolgopolov , Nishikori , or Raonic ?
Despite being the oldest of the three , I think Dolgopolov will be the best out of these three in years to come .
Dolgopolov has so much variety in his play that he has been compared to three great players .
His ability to turn from defense to offense , his efficiency and his willingness to come to the net has led to comparisons between him and Federer .
Then he varies the pace extremely well , using slices and more powerful groundstrokes to unsettle opponents and force errors .
Then his unique , unorthodox shots ( such as his jumping forehand lol , jumping backhand , and his jumping two - handed backhand feint into a dropshot http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5CmBkxXBeA these are amazing ) have been compared to Fabrice Santoro ( the Magician ) .
He is also a great retriever , can hit powerful winners of both wings and volleys extremely well .
He 's also ranked 16th which is pretty good .
I also like Kei Nishikori .
He also has variety and great timing on his ground strokes , and hits pretty deep consistently .
Often though I 'd say he lacks power , but is still capable of hitting winners .
He also understands when to come forward and finish off points , and wo n't hesitate to do so .
He 's pretty damn fast .
Main weakness I 'd say is his serve , which does n't seem too hard to attack for other top pros .
Reminds me of Michael Chang , but with more in his arsenal .
I dunno why but I have a certain dislike for Raonic .
I think he relies on his serve too much , and tries to hit with too much power , which is great when its working .
He does n't have the speed or variety of the other two but still is n't a bad player .
I completely agree with you.He is definitely the future of tennis but there are a few Americans such as A.Dolgopolov , Ryan Sweeting , Donald Young who are very impressive.But , yeah I guess Nishikori is one for the future .
Dolgopolov and Nishikori out of the two .
Watch out for my aussie Bernard Tomic though .
He nearly beat Federer in the Davis Cup .
Host of Rugby World Cup 2018 ?
WHO IS HOSTING IT IF HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED ?
THANK YOU Japan will be hosting it ... 2015 - England 2019 - Japan , Hong Kong and Singapore 2019 RWC will be held in Japan .
Eric , verification for Singapore and Hong Kong .
I ca n't see anything for this .
once you leave cuba you ca n't go back is that right ?
i hear you ca n't because fidel castro do n't want you there The ones who are political exiles can not and will not go back .
We still have the same type of criminals , murderers and corrupt people ruling in the country for almost 53 years .
So , why would I go back to live in a dictatorship ?
Depends
If you were an active counterrevolutionary , YOU CA N'T
Otherwise , since you will take $ $ $ $ $ $ , you can .
bidel just LOVES money Where to you MORONS come up with your crap ?
Do you lay awake all night dreaming your nonsense up just so you can post it here and then go to another web site and say ' I READ IN ANSWERS ``
You have HEARD WRONG . .
which is what happens WHEN YOU MAKE SOMETHING UP .
What is the best Caribbean country for a relaxing vacation ?
HOW can someone be so ignorant they will ask a 10 WORD question that can have THOUSANDS of answers and they are so STUPID they do n't give a hint what THEY would consider `` BEST '' ?
You need to go to a TRAVEL AGENCY so they can help you figure out just what it is that you like to do and what you are actually looking for .
Answers CARIBBEAN TRAVEL is a TRAVEL GROUP it is NOT a TRAVEL AGENCY even though you people ca n't seem to figure out that minor distinction
There are over 36 ISLANDS in the Caribbean and they all offer something different . .
and `` BEST '' depends on YOUR SUBJECTIVE IDEAS because the is not one BEST island for everyone .
Jamaica !
The people are so laid back and friendly , the weather is gorgeous and there 's plenty of options for a relaxing ( or adventurous , or both ! )
vacation .
It is all preference .
Some people like destinations with rough ocean waters and others like calm ocean waters .
Some destinations are ideal for golf and others for family bonding time with the children .
I would recommend to make a list of you expect and try to contact a travel agency and see if they have something to accommodate you .
I need ideas for a cute team volleyball goodie bag for when my daughters club team goes to Minneapolis . ?
Please keep in mind that we are from Dallas , have a long plane trip there and back , plus they are 15 year olds with a young coach .
Everyone is very excited and the trip will be made in April .
can you use an email account thats already being use by another account ?
For example lets say you creating an account right and they ask for an email and you put an email thats already being used for example by facebook or w.e would it work or would you have to put an email thats not being used You can put the same email address on both Yes go t0 www.webwizny.com it 'll do .
I have ActiveX , but I still ca n't play MSN games ?
Every time my friend sends me a game , it says that I do not have ActiveX and that I have to install it .
I recently re-downloaded ActiveX , assuming that it got deleted somehow , but when I send a game to my friend - it either :
Freezes my entire windows live messenger , or says I need to install ActiveX !
I thank you in advance for helping out = ) Is their an Italian superlative for `` much ? ''
?
molto = much moltissimo = very much YES tanto or molto How long is cruise to Bahamas ?
For one thing . .
IT IS NOT A REAL CRUISE . .
those are all CHEAP BOOZE CRUISES that are just one step above a ' cruise to nowhere ' trip for the gamblers .
The ships leave Port Canaveral in the afternoon and arrive at Nassau or in the Bahamas the next morning by 10 AM or earlier .
The whole idea of the ' cruise ' is to get you to GAMBLE and SPEND MONEY on those sickly sweet over priced drinks with the umbrellas in them .
Bahamas ' cruises ' have NO CLASS and they are filled with fat , over 50 , white low class people ... so do n't confuse them with a REAL cruise .
Not sure what you 're asking .
There are n't any `` real '' cruises that go only to the Bahamas .
There IS the Celebration Cruise Line that uses a converted ferry and advertises itself as a cruise , but any similarity to a real cruise is purely coincidental .
You go to Nassau ( which is n't that great as a cruise port ) for a couple of days and along the way you 'll go to a time - share presentation .
When you return to the US , you 'll be greeted by the DEA agents who are there to apprehend the drug smugglers who are always on the cruise .
There are major cruise lines that sail in the Caribbean and also sometimes include Nassau or Freeport in the itinerary .
Cruises may be 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 or more days .
If you 're interested in cruising , your library has books that describe all the various options from which you will need to choose in order to book a cruise .
what wildlife is their in Sandi ego ?
just about everything indigenous to calif. like coyotes / cougars / rattlesnakes .
possums / raccoons could go on and on .
but if your wondering about DANGEROUS ONES , coyotes and cougars .
and rattlesnakes .
Advice for volleyball ... ?
So my parents want me to play volleyball , but I know nothing about it !
And the only sibling I have is my older sister , But she 's older and out of the house so she ca n't help me .
But they keep trying to talk me into it .
Should I listen to them and play volleyball ... ?
Thanks in advance Yes it is so much fun .
Um some things you need to know about volleyball is that the things that make up the game is :
BUMP / DIG / Pass :
This is the first thing that should be done when receiving the ball .
SET :
After the pass , the setter sets the ball ( you set the ball by making a triangle with your hands and sort - of push the ball ) to the hitter .
HIT / KILL :
The setter sets the ball to the hitter right , so then the hitter goes into her approach ( if your right handed then your approach is left foot , right foot , left -- -- if your left handed then it is the exact opposite . )
The hitter then attempts to hit it over the net .
SERVE :
When you serve , you should be and stay behind the service line , the back out line , you toss the ball in front of you and hit it over the net .
People also jump serve but if your just starting out then you should over hand or under hand serve it .
An under hand serve is when you hold the ball in your hand and make a fist with your other hand and under hand hit it over the net .
When your playing there should always be 3 touches on the ball .
Pass set and the hit .
There are six people on the court at one time and they 're in a rotation .
If the rotation is messed up then the other team gets the ball to serve and also a point .
A set goes to 25 to whoever gets there first .
I you are in high school , then there are 3 out of 5 sets .
If your under than it goes to 2 out of 3 sets .
If you make it to the 5th or 3rd set than it only goes to 15 , a tie breaker .
Volleyball is an amazing sport and I highly recommend everyone to try it.You do n't know what your missing !
As long as you are interested you can .
it is a blast if i were you i would play . .
i played from my 6th grade year to my senior year of high school and when i started i didnt know anything about it .
when i got to high school i was on starting varsity all four years .
just go with it you cant get any better if you dont try and then you will never know what you were missin out on . .
hope this helped CO2 does not cause global warming ?
I saw an anti-global warming movie the other day and it said an increase in CO2 is an EFFECT of increased temperatures , and not the other way around .
In other words , higher temps cause higher CO2 levels .
Is it full of BS or is it true ? ? ? ? ?
I 'm not TOO knowledgeable on the subject , but :
you have to take into account that it IS an anti-Global Warming video , and they are out to prove a point .
They do n't present the other side of the argument , so do n't take it at face - value .
Do some research before you let `` eco-nuts '' or `` super-scientists '' influence your beliefs .
co2 is a big part and carbon monoxide from cars or engines that use gas .
However never heard of temp causing higher c02 levels .
Not BS , just really stupid .
To say CO2 does not cause warming is very stupid .
That denies the greenhouse effect which is required to warm the earth enough for life .
During periods of natural warming , the warming oceans give off more CO2 which then creates more warming .
It is a positive feedback and the major way that small atmospheric changes create major climate change .
But the next time somebody says that , ask them where the CO2 is coming from now and watch the deer - in - the - headlight look of pure ignorance .
Because the oceans are now becoming more acidic as they absorb CO2 from the air , we know that the new CO2 is not coming from the oceans now .
There very fact that the oceans are absorbing CO2 as they warm rather than give it off as they naturally would do is proof the the current warming is not natural .
do i have a cold sore because of my sax ?
ive just started recently playing the saxophone , now its been around 2 months since i started .
and ive developed a cold sore on the middle of my bottom lip .
i have a music teacher who says im biting to hard , how can i stop its kind of a habit now ?
I have been playing tenor sax since 1964 and that never happened to me .
Cold sore from another source .
cold sores are caused by oral herpes you probably had chicken pox when you were younger and it 's the same virus still hanging around that causes the sores if you damage a lip or get stressed or ill What is your favorite part about surfing ?
Why do you love it ?
For me , it 's the rush that you get and the feeling you get after riding a perfect wave .
It releases me .
Not to be corny but I got a lot of inner demons and surfing lets me get rid of them with the daily stresses .
The best is when you have the whole beach to yourself and you feel like you 're one with the ocean .
Wow I sound so nature hippy then haha Just so chill .
Just sitting there waiting for a wave , riding a wave , going back , sitting , etc. Surfing feels like gliding on water .
And surfers are so cool , so chill .
I had a total stranger come up to me on the beach the other day and ask me if I wanted to go surfing with him .
It 's really an amazing sport .
Where can I find guitar class in LA area , entry level ?
Can an olympic athlete that participate in 2 events ?
Yes , there are several athletes that participate in more than one event in the same sport , especially track and field .
There have been athletes that participated in more than one sport , but that is very difficult due to the scheduling of the events since they could conflict .
There are many athletes that have participated in different sports at different Games .
Yeah , it 's happened before .
I do n't imagine anyone does now .
Yes , the great Carl Lewis competed and won gold in 100m 200m and Long Jump as well as the 4X100 relay .
i am a begin surfer and can ride white waves but REALLY would like to know how to surf actual waves ! ?
please help me if you know any thing that will get me going on'em !
thanks !
: ) Lessons are the best way to start .
Lessons can come from a professional instructor , or surfing family members or experienced surfing friends .
You have to learn surf etiquette ( so the experienced surfers in the line up do n't want to drown you ) , how to paddle and take off on a wave , and how to ride a wave .
The last thing experienced surfers want is for inexperienced people to just grab a board , rush into the surf and get in our way .
Lessons shorten the learning curve significantly .
And they help keep ignorant , un-prepared kooks out of the water and out of the way of more experienced surfers .
When you 're confident in white water , get a friend or teacher and start paddling out the back .
Be warned it is DANGEROUS unless you know what you are doing and can read the ocean or have help .
From there any ' how to surf ' website or friends and stuff can teach you the rest .
Congrats on riding the whitewater , that 's where everyone has to start .
On small days try and go out past the whitewater and catch some waves as they 're breaking .
It will feel different , instead of the wave pushing you forward , they 'll be more of a gravity pull and a faster ride .
Like Griggs said , it is more dangerous so be careful , but most things in life worth doing have some risk involved .
Get comfortable on the whitewater first , then head to the outside ( that 's what you call it once you get past the whitewater ) and start catching some small waves .
One tip. . .
start paddling earlier than you think you should and paddle 2 strokes after you think you 've caught the wave .
Then just ride on your belly a few times , do n't worry about jumping up to your feet at first , you 'll think so much about it you wo n't catch the wave .
Have fun !
Why do we need the following Fitness components to play Tennis : ?
Speed :
Agility :
Power :
Endurance :
Strength : speed to cover the court and get to the ball
agility to turn from defense to offense
power to blast hard hitting shots and big serves
Endurance to sustain your leveal of play in a match
Strength to have the mental will power to stay focused and keep playing tough This is necessary Speed - So we can cover the court quicker .
Agility - So we can get in the optimum position sooner .
Power - To enable us to advance into the court .
Endurance - Keeps us going for longer .
Strength - See power How to play the other chords in colide ?
In every video on youtube that he plays , the main chord progression that everybody knows is used only during the singing .
During the dooot do do parts , there is a bunch of hammer ons it sound like .
He looks to be using a c chord and a weird d chord that I can never get a clear shot of .
I 'm learning how to play it and I dont want to be like every cover on youtube and play the same chord progression over and over .
Howie days way is the only way for me .
And I 'm not talking about his music video where he does n't use a capo `` I 'm learning how to play it and I dont want to be like every cover on youtube and play the same chord progression over and over . ''
If you play Exactly what you SEE from a video , it 's lame .
It is Worse than any crappy cover on YouTube .
At least a few of those crappy covers are actually Their Own playing ( though probabably not , they are most likely using tabs from Tabs'r'Us ) .
If you use your Ear and play to the best of your ability , you will most likely Fail in copying his playing Exactly .
This is n't a bad thing , it at least gives you a starting point to Begin making the song sound like Your music .
Good luck !
With all the troubles in Haiti what keeps their people from moving into the prosperous Dominican Republic ?
Is there a border fence or some other kind of barrier .
Are Haitians treated as equals in the DR ?
They do n't have a stable government and economy unlike the Dominican Republic .
And yes the border is kept guarded and protected , however sometimes , both nations open their borders and allow their people to go to the other side of the island to buy and sell things ( this is like once year I think ) And there are almost 800,000 Haitians living illegal and legal in the Dominican Republic .
Haitians are not treated equally in D.R .
Both nations have a long history , where something in the past that the countries did to one another affect the way they view each other .
The Haitians invaded the Dominican Republic and made them speak French for 30 years I believe and killed many Dominicans .
During the years 1930 - 1960 , Almost 30,000 Haitians were killed in the Dominican Republic under the Dominican dictatorship of Rafael Trujillo .
These conflicts of the past affect the way some Dominicans and Haitians look and think of each other today .
A rich , powerful nation like the DR can create effective border enforcement .
there 's a serious border fence and patrols by the DR police and Army , and the Spanish cultured DRs look down on the French cultured Haitians ... .
actually , ' look down on ' is a mild term for what goes on there ... .
Does anyone live in Landstuhl that would snap some photos for me ?
I lived there in 1967 while in the US Army and I would like to see how it has changed .
I do n't live in Landstuhl , but I have some images here :
Panaroma : http://images.travelpod.com/users/amullett/germany-2006.1150317660.ka-landstuhl.jpg
Castle : http://cdn-www.trails.com/imagecache/articles/295x195/italian-restaurants-landstuhl-germany-295x195.png
Memorial center : http://ultimatesacrificememorialsupportcenter.com/images/LandstuhlRegMedicalCenterDUI-003-Framed.jpg
House : http://www.planetware.com/i/photo/traditional-house-in-landstuhl-d1456.jpg Should I quit basketball to focus on volleyball and JO volleyball ?
Well Im pretty bad at basketball .
But Im pretty good at volleyball .
I play Junior Olympic Volleyball in off season and basketball is getting in the way .
My school only allows workouts for basketball and not volleyball so that is the only reason Im still playing basketball .
My friends play basketball .
All I do is sit the bench .
Advice please ?
I agree with the first answer , if you like basketball , keep playing !
Even If your no good , you wo n't get better by quitting .
But if your more into volleyball , I would suggest going back to volleyball , because judging by the answer you gave me on my volleyball question , you know alot about it !
But it all depends on what you think is something worth doing .
It is better to go according to your interest and taste .
I want to work for the Olympics 2012 .
I 'm a US citizen w / US passport .
How do I 've a right to work in the UK ?
I 'm a US citizen .
I 'm holding an US passport .
US passport does n't belong to be a EU passport , right ?
Do I have a right to work in the UK ?
If not , how do I have a right to work in the UK ?
I want to work for the Olympic Games 2012 in London .
Option 2 :
How can I participate in the Olympic Games 2012 with the USA team ?
you dont have a right to work in the uk ... .
No , you do n't have any right to work in the UK , you would need a work visa which unless you have a job sponsorship or special skill that the UK needs you would not get .
Of course the United State of America does n't belong to the EUROPEAN Union !
Sorry , it 's just one of those general knowledge things .
You will have to apply for a work visa .
Being a US citizen does not give you the right to live and work in the UK .
You can only get a tourist visa , and if you work on a tourist visa ( assuming there is an employer dubious enough to employ a person a tourist visa ) you will be deported and subject to an exclusion period from returning to the UK .
There there are a great many number of different visa options available .
What qualifications and training you have is a factor , so is your age and duration of stay .
If you are young enough you may be eligible for a `` Working Holiday Visa '' which I believe is a great scheme for young adults .
Your best bet is to go to the UK government website on visas and explore it .
Only you can do it for yourself .
As for the Olympic games , qualify in a sport , be aware that it 's difficult as all hell .
I believe if you are part of the National team you 'll have sponsors and people to help you with travel and finance or just general advice .
Good luck , start from here http://www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/visas-immigration / I need a one week tennis training schdule ?
Please help me , its for homework Thank you What do you intend to do about global warming ?
Recent reports on global warming show that we are experiencing a worst - case scenario with global warming .
If elected as President , what will you do about this unprecedented environmental challenge ?
I would try to educate people like you that catastrophic global warming is a hoax .
Nothing .
There is no global warming Less farting why are polar bears endangered ? ? ?
10points ! ?
I need a good explanation which is easily explained and you could also give me a good website which would help me find some information about why are polar bears endangered ? ? ?
Thanks for your help 10points2u !
Polar bears are threatened because they are dependent on sea ice to catch seals , and sea ice has been shrinking at an accelerating pace .
Polar bears den on land over the winter , where they give birth to their cubs .
So they can go for up to 8 months without eating ( see p. 28214 in the listing notice below ) .
When they come out in the spring they have to get to the sea ice where the seals are , and restock their fat reserves .
If the sea ice shrinks to the point where they ( including the cubs ) ca n't get to it from the land , then they 'll starve .
I hope it was helpful Good luck ! ! !
almost general info on polar bears - http://animals.nationalgeographic.com/animals/mammals/polar-bear / just look up global warming on google or something and it 'll probably talk about the ice caps Very good question !
Due to rapid melting of ice in the polar region as a result of global warming , polar bears are unable to find food and habitat especially during the summer when they are active .
trinidad and tobago info ?
ok so i plan on moving to trinidad within the next year or so and id like to know what its like is a green card needed ?
if you have been there tell me what its like anything you have to say will be greatly thanked ! ! ! !
a year or so was just a random timeline that i put down money is not a problem in reality its more like 7 years if you must know ... .
smart ass bich You plan on moving there in a year but you do n't know what the requirements are .
What will you be doing to support yourself ?
Getting a job is not easy as you 'll need a work permit .
You need to be qualified in a field that a citizen is not .
Where do you plan to live ?
Have you given this any real thought ?
That all depends on your country of birth and current country of citizenship .
Different citizens have different entry requirements to get into Trinidad and Tobago .
Windows Live / MSN / Hotmail Help ?
Mine says I have been temporarily blocked .
I 've done nothing wrong ?
advice ...
YOU may not have , but your account couldve been comprimised and violated some terms ...
I sent you an e-mail to help .
You need to reset your password and attempt to regain the account .
- https : / / account.live.com / ResetPassword.aspx < Reset pass Freqency for douglas county.pro - 41realistic 10 channel direct entry programmable scanner ?
You can find your local area 's frequencies at RadioReference 's database http://www.radioreference.com where can i buy a good bull whip ?
This is the Horse racing Category .
Not the Bull Whipping Category .
Good answer , bluejay !
BTW , what is a bull whip , anyway ?
How do you produce a tv show ?
I have an idea for a talk show but I have no media background , what 's the first thing I need to do to make a talk show ?
Find someone that likes the idea who has connections or a heck ton of money .
How to send money to Nepal from India ?
as i am working in india.i want to sent instant money to nepal for my family.is there any option please klet me know.Its very very urgent ? ? ?
In India , there are many PSU and one of them is Punjab National Bank ( PNB ) which has a joint venture ( JV ) in Nepal called Everest Bank Limited ( EBL ) .
EBL has a current account with PNB New Delhi and the Account Number is 2254002100011923 .
You can deposit your money in Indian Currency from any PNB Branch in India ( Yes , any ! small branch , large branch does not matter but it is likely that they may not be aware with this . Just you have to do is to do give enough respect to bank employees , and explain them in polite words , make them aware of this facility ) and direct EBL from there itself to credit this amount to your relatives or whoever recipient 's account maintained in EBL Nepal any branch .
So , the recipient of money in Nepal should have bank account with EBL in Nepal or you must provide someone 's bank account in EBL in Nepal whom you can trust as money will be first credited to bank account and only then , the recipient will get / withdraw money .
PNB itself has customized software that all the details will be entered at the time you deposit money in PNB Branch .
So , there is no different direction required from your side to EBL .
For example , if you have to send 20000 INR to Nepal , you deposit the amount in Account No. 2254002100011923 and then , say , your dad 's account in Nepal is 01100111100111 , New Baneshwor Branch , Kathmandu , Nepal and Account Holder 's Name is Mr. ABC XYZ ( Some fictitious account number or may be of someone 's also by coincidence , do not try to remit to this number , you may lose the money ) , then , instruct from the branch where you deposit amount that the money should be credited to your dad 's account number in Nepal .
The Bank employees feed data / instructions and the money should reach there within 4 - 5 days maximum .
you have to send money to nepal , send by IME , WESTERN MONEY TRANSPORT & OTHER Throug western union ... ... .
How much do Australian Olympic athletes get paid ?
I am doing an assignment and all it comes up with is how much American Olympic athletes get , can you help please ?
it depends on what sport they play and what their pay rate is.so it varies ...
Certain sports and sponsor pay alot more then other sports and sponsors .
So some will get paid 50 grand a year and some millions .
Also you do know you switched to American athletes now in description .
So I 'm kinda confused : / Vague and badly described
As below says , you do n't get paid directly from Olympics .
It the sponsors that pay .
It varies per sport .
you do n't get paid for the Olympics .
I 'm not even sure if the Olympics has prize money .
Who 's the prettiest between these three ?
Ana Ivanovic Caroline Wozniacki Maria Sharapova Ivanovic .
i think maria is the prettiest .
Maria Sharapova , but they are all gorgeous .
how can i convert my diesel engine to run on methane ?
Do n't convert the engine , convert the fuel , check out `` Turning Methane to Methanol '' then mix 25 0.000000iltered used motor oil with the methanol ... voila ... best diesel fuel on the market .
You can also use old decomposed gasoline ( smells like varnish ) mixed with 25 0.000000iltered used motor oil .
All kinds of tricks for diesels ... ( shhhh ) ...
If I 'm not mistaking Methane is a explosive gas ... as far as i know , this can not be done .
google multi fuel engines .
i know that many militaries use multi fuel engines in trucks and combat vehicles .
Who 's the prettiest between these three ?
Ivanovic , Wozniacki or Sharapova ?
Ana Ivanovic Caroline Wozniacki Maria Sharapova Ana Ivanovic is prettiest player in world , so she must be prettier than Maria and Carolina .
Especially now .
With her sweet eyes , beautiful smile and figure better than ever .
If she just could play best tennis , she 'd be perfect .
Ana n Masha .
you kinda already asked this o_O The prettiest would be Ana Ivanovic , a close second would be Caroline Wozniacki and last but not the least Maria Sharapova .
Need change cooleymont ?
News nakm3e cooleymont Could you explain your question more ?
How much height for volleyball players bulwark ?
Height in volleyball is most definently a factor , but there are different positions that suit each height .
for example a shorter girl would play a position in the back row like libero or defensive specialist .
A taller girl would focus on the front row positions like outside , opposite and middle hitter / blocker .
height doesnt matter in volleyball as long as u can jump high .
There is not a certain height a volleyball player has to be .
You just have to have the skill !
There are short girls that are good and tall ones that are good but you can play if you short or tall !
As long as you have a high jump if you are small then you can play in the front row and be as good as the tall blockers !
Do football players , tennis have strong muscles ?
yes of course they are very big and muscular have alot of body mass
and big muscles everywhere of course they would Why do people hate people who actually agree with going green ?
I am not a Hippy , I am more of a Redneck then anything .
But I also love the thought of Alternate fuels for the Future such as air / steam , Electric , Natural gas etc. I just like Future technology and support it and people are always calling me `` Stupid '' or `` Hippy '' because of it and it irritates me because that is not what I am .
Or use the excuse `` They are n't green '' when in fact if you use Solar energy it is green .
Then you have `` Scientist '' who say `` That is impossible / impractical '' and then follow that up by `` We need to find a way to cut emissions '' . .
Err hypocrites There has always been a bias against those who educate themselves .
Realize that name - calling is the lowest form of argument - in fact , not even an argument at all .
While I would never irritate a close friend by arguing a topic he / she is passionately ignorant about , I do enjoy engaging anyone else who argues in this fashion .
On my favorite topics , I have a collection of arguments well supported by facts , figures , studies , websites , etc.
I am never condescending or insulting myself .
This is key to the best way to win an argument - respect your opponent , no matter how he insults you .
At the end , I always point out that I have provided many facts and studies , while my opponent has only provided insults .
Once you have made him realize this , ( if he has any smarts at all ) he will be embarrassed , and perhaps even do some research himself .
Because they 're ignorant .
Because this mostly involves liberals and their thinking , which ultimately does more harm than good .
The `` green '' movement is not really necessary in my opinion .
do you believe in Global warming ?
No , not Al Gores version .
There is , however , a natural warming that saved us from the ice ages , and this is our friend , not our enemy .
Gore should undergo a mental exam and then face charges similar to those brought against Conrad Murray , in my opinion .
His ridiculous blabberings have been debunked by many prominent scientists .
Let us not forget that this man also claimed to have invented the Internet , so he really does not appear to be of sound mind .
It does not require my belief .
ummm ... . .
YES are the springboks still playing the NZ maori ?
# Iago my friend , how is it that you have 260est answers when every answer i have seen you give in yahoo - rugby has been s * * t ?
what is your reasoning for your answer ?
i enjoy watching the NZ Maori play , they are a team representing an ethnic minority that is unique to NZ .
there 's nothing racist in their selection , would a NZ Caucasian side be racist ?
no , just unnecessary .
Although their were games scheduled after the WC the coach has heard nothing back since april of this year so since their has n't been any news as yet and searching the internet for answers which have come up with nothing I would say not but still hoping they do - it would be awesome .
@ dylan are you really from NZ ?
- as a NZder it would be obvious that NZ Maori do n't play every year only The ABs with the Tri now Quad Nations .
To those who must entertain the dimwitted response of race based selection fail to appreciate the rich heritage of NZ maori rugby that has been around for longer than the apartheid reigime which was designed to denigrate rather than celebrate .
Education is the key to understanding and appreciating ethnic diversity in NZ rugby that is maori and the sorry saga that has plagued South Africa and the SARU .
No. I hope they never play the maori or any other team selected on race or ethnicity .
This game would be good .
It is always good to watch the Maori team play with flair and individual brilliance.If Lago is right then good bye Samoa , Fiji , Tonga etc. I ca n't log into answerology ?
I 'm kinda having a problem
I ca n't log into answerology.com anymore and every time I try I keep getting a message that says
error processing your request .
Please try again later .
This has been happening for like the last 3 days and I looked it up on google to see if anybody else has had the same problem and they have but they didn ' say how to fix it .
What should I do ?
Buying a trumpet ... ... ?
?
I get tenor sax lessons .
I want to buy a trumpet for display more than play it but might still mess round with it .
Will it ruin my tenor sax playing ?
What ya think do it no offence to you but dont by a trumpet for nothing ... if anything buy a piece of crap trumpet that looks new Which golf event do you think is bigger ?
The Masters or Ryder Cup ?
Myself I might have to say Ryder Cup Depends where youre from :
US = Masters , Europe = Ryder Cup Here where I live , Have NEVER even heard of the Ryder Cup .
The Masters is always on TV .
Neither - Tiger Woods would make a bigger game if he would just keep his pecker behind the zipper !
Is it necessary to wear Scrum - Caps ?
I am i prop .
Standing at 184 cm and 80 kg. My friend suggest me to wear it but im not sure .
Im on a holiday right now so i cant ask my coach yet .
BQ - Im 14 and im quite tall .
Do i have any advantage of being a tall prop ?
Thanks in advice !
It is not proven to protect against collision ( ie , concussion ) , just ask Berrick Barnes .
It will however , protect your ears from `` cauliflowers '' or `` mushrooms '' .
Do n't know what these are ?
Google it , too lazy ?
well here you go then :
http://talknormal.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/ear2.jpg .
It may also offer more confidence to get involved in physical aspects of the game .
I dunno , I have n't used one for a while .
However , as a front row forward I suggest you do wear one .
your head takes a beating in the scrum .
And no , it is no particular advantage to be a tall prop .
I read an article the other day that said that shorter props actually get the bind on the bigger ones .
Dunno what substance that has , I 've never played prop so I ca n't rightly say .
It can help around the field though , physically imposing players are generally the forte of second and back rowers , but a big prop provides big resistance in the tackle , at the breakdown and in the maul .
Think of it this way , its certainly not a huge disadvantage .
BUT , size means nothing if you are not willing , committed or particularly skilled .
Size is not a real factor in how well a player performs. , it is only a minor influence .
I 've seen scrumhalves dump tackle hookers , smallest bloke on the field produces the biggest hit .
Wear your cap .
Some of the things girls like on boys are ears .
Do n't let a game tear off your ear .
Dude you 're fat .
Many rugby players do n't wear scrum caps because they think they 're too manly or something .
You be the smart one and wear it .
Are Topshop clothes made in Vietnam ?
Which Enrique illginess songs download free site ?
As this music is COPYRIGHTED , it means that you MUST use LEGAL buy - a - download resources such as iTunes .
Having no money / credit card is NEVER an excuse to STEAL copyrighted material for free anyway .
Where we download all english singer songs ?
As this kind of music is COPYRIGHTED , it means that you must use iTunes or similar LEGAL buy - a - download resources instead of illegally stealing it for free .
What is the jazz song in the movie The Cars ?
The movie The Cars .
In one part where Mack was drowsy and a bunch of delinquent cars started messing with Mack the lorry .
One of them named DJ started playing this Jazz music and Mack fell asleep .
What is the Jazz music ?
`` Songbird '' Written & Performed by Kenny G Why are CD prices falling ?
I was told by a salesperson at a music store that the demand for CD 's have fallen because people download the songs from music websites , loan CD 's from libraires and then copy them on to blank CD 's , or buy very cheap duplicate CD 's online
Due to that reason they say music stores cant sell their CD 's and keep reducing the prices
Wot do you think ?
I think it 's true .
I am old enough to have started off buying vinyl that got replaced by Cassettes and then CDs. The price of vinyl and cassettes plummetted when CDs became really popular .
( Anyone remember Minidiscs ? ? )
Now the same thng is happening with CDs. I ca n't remembe the last time i bought a CD , my children have nevber done so , they like me download all of their music .
I get all my music online .
CDs are fading jus like tapes .
I have 5,000 songs that I got online .
If I can go get an album for itunes ( or pirate ) right away online , why would I bother going to a store ?
if you can put 10,000 songs or more in your ipod then why buy a cd .
most songs cost .99 cents and you can pick the songs you want instead of buying a whole album .
whats wrong with photobucket ?
I can not get the links for edit or upload my photos . .
more information is needed .
seems to be working fine for me .
you couldve been comprimised .
mail me with a way to im you or something and i can try to help .
Who has more # 1 hits Reba or Dolly Patron ?
Wellll ... .
Guess what ?
Everyone here is wrong !
When it comes to American Number 1 Singles , they are tied .
Both have 25 .
However I do believe if we were charting success , Dolly would win .
Dolly has had 25 number 1 hits in the US Country Charts , Reba has had the same amount .
However , Dolly has had 34 Number 1 songs if we count UK / Canada charts , whereas Reba has only had 32 .
Dolly has also had hits in Pop Charts , Dance Charts , Indie Charts , Bluegrass , etc etc. If we counted all of that Dolly would win by a landslide .
The only category Reba beats her in is how many Top 10 Hits they 've had .
Reba has 63 and Dolly has 55 .
Anyway there are the facts ... .
It 's a tie !
EDIT :
Well , In the end it 's a tie either way .
But I stand by thinking Dolly has had more success .
I mean it would be really hard to be more successful than a business woman like that .
Put charts aside , Dolly publishes all her own music , writes almost all of it , produces herself , etc etc. She knows what she 's doing , and I do n't think Reba could ever get that much success , chartwise , finacially , or any way .
Dolly Parton not because she 's been around longer but because she is a much better artist .
Dolly was singing long before Reba Mafia wars for myspace account . ?
I had a level 250 something mobster on mafia wars for myspace but i went on myspace and it said mafia wars was moved .
Did they just permanetly delete my guy or what ?
Can i ever use him again ?
MySpace has removed the various applications or games from the site .
This was done for the purpose of streamlining things .
There were site features that were also removed such as the forums .
I doubt they will be bringing those applications back perhaps in part due to the owners abandoning them .
and not maintaining them .
I saw enough issues in the Application Feedback Forum from users who had issues with the owners and lack of keeping their games up to date .
Mafia Wars along with Zynga , RockYou , and Playdom have been shut down on Myspace .
Poems about endangered animals ! ! ! ! ! ! !
10 points ! ! ?
Like Pandas , Lions or any other endangered animal .
I 'll try and give the best answer 10 points , If I can find out how .
LOL xP Panda , Panda Why are you so rare ?
I dont know , but I do know that I need help retarded the panda I love bamboo but poachers are taking it away from me
Whale Whale Why are you so blue ?
I 'm sad because overfishing of krill is hurting my population
Snow Leopard , Snow Leopard Why so glum ?
People love my fur so much that they cut it off
Rhino , Rhino Why so desolate ?
People chase me for my horns because they are ivory and they are good for making pianos
Toucan , Toucan Why so indulgent ?
People hunt me for my feathers , they make a pen
Polar Bear , Polar Bear Why so biPolar ?
( pun )
Sometimes im happy that my environment is getting destroyed because then it means that its getting warmer and then i dont need my thick winter coat but then other times im sad because i dont do well in the warm weather and my habitat is getting destroyed so i mill in between two emotions looking for cheap hotel in Rome and is the center best place to stay ?
I 'm interested what is called Center distinct of Rome ? ? ?
and which distinct is the best place to stay in ROME ?
http://www.hotelfelice.com The most central part of Rome is the Historic Center , called Centro Storico , but you are unlikely to find cheap hotels there .
The main hubs for cheap hotels are the Termini area and around the Vatican .
I find the Termini more convenient , to the sights ( Colosseum 10 minutes walk , for example ) and also to every possible transport .
I have to admit that this area is far not as charming as the center , although it is not as bad either as some make it sound .
Hotel Urbis and Hotel Aquarium are two quality budget hotels at Termini which I can recommend .
my brother found a lovely hotel in Rome through http://sydney.travelontheway.com/City/Rome.htm?label=forum you might want to check it out .
What to buy in Italy for a 15 - year old boy ?
Well , my brother is turning 15.And I 'm traveling to Italy.I want to buy a birthday gift for him there , so it have to be really special.I 'm considering a mask ?
or. .
the Triangel doll looks cute , though .
get him some vodka Boys love cars and racing - maybe some little Ferrari merchandise , like a key - ring or valet .
There is a shop just off Via del Corso close to Piazza Augusto Imperatore .
Germans , what is your opinion of Ostalgie ?
Overall , the GDR was a repressive ( and very depressive ) society .
Therefore Ostalgie is not really justified .
Of course , there 's always folklore and all that , and if you had a childhood there , you will have fond memories of some sort , nothing wrong with that .
Karl - Heinz has left .
It 's all that counts .
You can walk across the former mine - fields from sunrise to sunset while the birds are singing .
And we love the trees in the forests to the left and to the right , and our homeland , the nice one , and it belongs to the people .
http://www.myvideo.de/watch/6457306/Pionierlied_Unsere_Heimat About back pack accommodation in Basel ?
What is you experience of back pack accommodation in Basel , Switzerland ?
Would you be happy if a place takes your money at booking time but not being available on the phone after hours to get the address ?
ok I have Canon GL2 problems ?
Ok i have a Canon GL2 , and when i try turning it on to record , it doesnt want to turn on .
BUT , when i turn it on to preview the tape , it turns on perfectly ...
So pretty much the camera doesnt let me do anything besides watch the tape ...
Whats wrong with it ?
Does it have anything to do with the back slot ?
PLEASE HELP !
the miniDV cassette mechanism has a slider on the back spline .
its purpose is to prevent recording so that you do n't destroy precious memories .
How long does the Christams Padgent go for ?
This Saturday I will be taking my 4 yr old daughter to the Christmas Padgent and I know it starts at 9.30am but how long does it usually go for ? ?
The Adelaide Fire station on Wakefield Street is having a open day after the padgent .
The open day goes from 11:15am to 3pm ( Sat 12th ) .
I am going to the open day .
Last time I was there kids were climbing the fire trucks .
The fire fighters are also collecting money for a burns unit in WCH .
Every year I buy their calender , the fire fighters do not wear much in the calender .
Yet the money from the calenders go to chariety .
On open day they do demostrations as well as talk about fire safety and car accidents .
If my maths is correct the padgent should be less then 1hr and 45min .
If you do go to the Fire station open day you might see me .
I have really long dark brown / black hair .
Its been a few years since I waved to the jolly red man but last time I went I was up the South Tce end of King William St and it was pretty much over by about 11am .
Channel 9 are winding up their telecast at 11.30am down at North Terrace http://www.cupageant.com.au/handy-tips.htm ... ... ... ... .
there we go how much the price for icing nozzles in india ?
whats icing nozzles ?
can U explain is there a possibility to convert my jvc camcorder that uses mini dv to memory card ?
no , the DV codec is low compression and requires a high data rate media .
video on SD cards requires a codec that has super high intra-frame compression .
Why would you want to ?
Is it your time against quality or something else ?
If you want your files on memory card capture you DV files to your computer , edit as you like , and save to card .
Is Frank Sinatra rich ?
Are famous singers like him rich , and how do they get rich ?
By CD sales or concerts ?
How much do they get paid compared to the producers , writers , instrumentalists ?
Also , are singers like Edith Piaf , Michael Buble , Adele also rich ?
Actually , what I mean is , WAS Frank Sinatra rich ...
He 's not alive anymore .
an artist gets a percentage of every ticket to a concert they sell and every album sold .
The percentage is based on the contract they signed .
Also when an artist signs with a label they get a signing bonus also the more famous they become , the artist also gets recruited for ad campaigns and to be spokes people for consumer goods .
adele for example is worth 10 Million , shes generally new in the United States so im sure this number will go up frank sinatra was worth 15 milliom , which was WAY more when he was alive , so yes , he was very well off He is dead .
if a empolyee is working in a company and resigned do to some personal reasons later company terminates ?
if a empolyee is working in a company and resigned do to some personal reasons later company terminates saying that the employee has been using company resources even after resigning what should an employee do next ?
From what you said , it seems that the employee did not resign according to the company policy because then the company had no reason to terminate him .
He may have stopped going to work in which case the company considered him to have abandoned the position .
This then was the reason for terminating him .
If the employee now has second thought of resigning , he can fight back to recover the job by arguing that he was not properly served with papers for termination .
To do that , he should see what is the company policy on termination for a no show employee and whether it followed the procedures leading into termination .
If an employee has a strong reason to resign , s / he can resign from the job .
In a same day s / he should return all the documents / data / equipment / accessories etc that needs to be returned to the office .
If s / he is really in mentality for resignation , s / he should not use any company resources .
S / he do not have any right to use company resources .
I suggest the employee should return all the resources back to the company if s / he has resigned from there .
It is a corporate discipline .
It 's all depends the terms of HR Policy .
if the policy says notice period , then the staff if liable to server till notice period and of - course he will be using all the asset provide by the company for official purpose .
The staff is not eligible to use the any of assest after he is officially relieved from his duty - but not from Regn .
submssion until otherwise told properly .
hope info helps .
Do you know ao xiang wang luo ?
The chinaman that runs www.golfclub777.com ?
He is one silly conman hahaha .
http://www.freegolfinfo.com / forums / tm.aspx ?
m = 2803689
if you would like to read more Where should i get Structural Job in Mumbai ?
Engineering , Procurement and Construction company ECC sister concern of L&T for construction division / Afcon UP base construction co , search in google for detail es. Sheetal Heavy Engg .
Pvt. Ltd. basically an Engineering , Procurement and Construction company engaged in the field of Onshore & Offshore projects & Repair / Revamping , Structural work including Deck extensions .
for contact visit to : http://www.sheetalheavyengg.com/contact.htm Wrist hurt in volleyball and I have a game today ?
my right wrist on the right side got injured from the ball last night , and is red near the bone .
i have it on ice and put creme .
it 's like i ca n't turn around much because it hurts .
what should i do , i have a game and i 'll wear a brace .
time to time it gets a little better .
allright and i should not give it too much pressure today . .
sure !
Who is the hottest female tennis player of all time ?
Some beginner jazz piano songs ?
I 've played piano for about 8 years .
Nearly everything I played was classical .
I want to switch it up to jazz , but I have no idea where to begin .
Can anyone introduce me or link me to some beginning jazz piano sheet music ?
Jazz is based on more complex chords , like 7 and 9 chords , and improvisation .
A lot of what you play will be improvisation to lead sheets .
But you can also use just straight sheet music .
You could adapt any jazz standard to piano , but here are some good ones to start with ( I do n't have sheet music ) -
Herbie Hancock - Watermelon Man
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4ASTMFN-h4&feature=related
Also look into the other stuff by him .
Autumn leaves -
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NFW-95O17I
There are lots of piano tutorials on youtube , for many styles .
Though they mainly for more contemporary pop music , there are some jazz ones as well -
General tutorial on jazz chords -
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vQoySac-9U
Very well known , Summertime -
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xox5vXFX_ok Learning Piano Jazz Music requires lots of practice and knowledge on piano chords improvisation .
It 's a combination of all .
I ca n't really teach you how to do it in a step by step format but you can check out the links below for piano jazz lessons and tutorials .
Good Luck .
Listen to the King Cole Trio or George Shearing Quintet .
what difference between keyboards roland juno - d synthesizer and fantom series ?
i watched youtube videos and i like juno - d sounds but do n't know how differs as on stage when using fantom series or juno series so which is better guys ? ?
I want some information on - `` Check dams for water conservation . ''
?
I want this for my project .
Check dams are small structures which are used to prevent flow of water .
From Wikipedia :
A check dam is a small dam , which can be either temporary or permanent , built across a minor channel , swale , bioswale , or drainage ditch .
Similar to drop structures in purpose , they reduce erosion and gullying in the channel and allow sediments and pollutants to settle .
They also lower the speed of water flow during storm events .
Check dams can be built with logs , stone , or sandbags .
Of these , the former two are usually permanent or semi-permanent ; and the sandbag check dam is usually for temporary purposes .
Also , there are check dams that are constructed with rockfill or wooden boards .
These dams are usually used only in small , open channels that drain 10 acres ( 0.040 km2 ) or less ; and usually do not exceed 2 feet ( 0.61 m ) high .
( 1 ) Many check dams tend to form stream pools .
Under low - flow circumstances , water either infiltrates into the ground , evaporates , or seeps through or under the dam .
Under high flow ( flood ) conditions , water flows over or through the structure .
Coarse and medium - grained sediment from runoff tends to be deposited behind check dams , while finer grains are usually allowed through .
Extra nutrients , phosphorus , nitrogen , heavy metals , and floating garbage are also trapped or eliminated by the presence of check dams , increasing their effectiveness as water quality control measures .
In nearly all instances , erosion control blankets , which are biodegradable open - weave blankets , are used in conjunction with check dams .
These blankets help enforce vegetation growth on the slopes , shorelines and ditch bottoms .
( 2 ) The advantages of check dams are that they store surface water for use both during and after the monsoon .
They help in ground water recharge of the area .
Recharge of water helps in raising the water table in the area .
Avaiability of water ensures the icrease of agricultural yield by multi-cropping .
Check dams can also be used for pisciculture .
The cost of building a check dam for irrigation of one hectare of land can vary between Rs 5000 to 8000 .
A large dam or canal network would cost over Rs 2 lakhs for the same purpose .
Before building a check dam .
What think about tiger woods saga ?
ohh come on the guy ca n't even play golf after the whole thing.i think he 's on some juice.or been way to drunk to play .
how much farmland is there in australia ?
610f Australia 's landmass is used for farming .
Not as much as there used to be - it 's being sold to China and Qatar .
it depends on what you think is a farm .
Some cattle farms ( stations ) are as big as some small European country 's How to start a night club in London ?
Hello , My wife and me would like to open a nightclub in London .
As foreigners , we would like to have some info regarding the licenses , where to find the best prices for the drinks and other stuff ...
Is there an association for nightclub owners ?
Thanks .
C. man google this shit else by a book and read , not ask questions on this .
stupid .
your club go bust .
if you as thick as you seem .
Naw man .
Convert to ?
But anyway , You can try to edit it . .
First upload ur video from ur device to ur computer and well if u have a video editing program , you can cut and edit it Of course !
But you have to have a video converter that supports it .
If you are using any of the NLE software ( eg. Premiere , Final cut , Vegas etc , AVID ) , you can do it .
Just select the portion and re-render it to bounce on a new track .
Later export it to whatever format you like .
If you arent using an NLE , then Xilisoft / ImToo video converter Ultimate versions are great choice ( Both are the same thing ) .
You can easily select portions to convert .
It also packs lots of great features .
I love it .
You 'll love it too .
:
D What is the one thing you 'd most like to change about the world ?
Ride the world of greedy people that just want to take from others like the OWS crowd and environmentalist the people in it I would not allow starvation .
There is currently enough food to feed everyone but we still have sections of the earth with starvation while other sections have obesity What is the name of the Blues song with the lyric ?
`` My pillow does n't kiss as good as you do '' ?
Thanks !
Telephone Song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=209JGneHQzQ Blocked but not deleted on MSN ?
Someone I know blocked but did not delete me on MSN .
Does that mean that they may want to talk to me again at a later date ?
How do you know they even blocked you ?
How do you know they did n't delete you ?
Unless they personally told you , you ca n't know this .
There is no way to tell this info from your side of the chat .
But to answer your question , it 's a possibility , assuming they do n't just delete you at a later date .
What country female artist is this ?
I do n't have much information , but what I can remember is a contemporary female country singer , from America .
One of her video clips features utes ( or trucks whatever you American 's call them , like F250s ) and I remember there being alot of fire and flames .
I think she was a brunette .
And I think she may have also done a song / video to do with the beach .
I think that was Taylor Swift , `` Picture To Burn '' , Lee Hert Taylor Swift - Picture to Burn ?
What is the song in the Cosmopolitan Las Vegas Commercial ?
The one in the elevator ?
Its an upbeat jazzy tune .
Parov Stelar - Booty Swing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xsoCki4pTk Mommy and baby ( well , preschooler ) groups in the Gold Coast ?
I have just moved to Australia ( Gold Coast around Broadbeach ) and would love to find some new mom 's to connect with as well as little friends for my four year old .
I am 26 and enjoy being active ( gym , runs with the stroller , etc. ) , being at the beach and playground and am in a masters program .
My 4 year old loves to interact with other kids and enjoys everything from colouring to trucks to playgrounds !
If you know of any groups please let me know !
They 're called Playgroups in Australia and your first point of call should be Playgroup Queensland .
http://www.playgroupaustralia.com.au/qld / In addition to Playgroup Australia which is mainly small informal groups , try Mainly Music ( http://www.mainlymusic.org.au/Default.aspx?tabid=124 ) , that 's a very good structured program that actively encourages the mothers to be involved .
I did n't like ANY of my local listings for playgroups on the Playgroup Australia website but my children and I LOVE Mainly Music .
It 's not all music , the kids do paintings and play games as well .
Mainly music is a church affiliated group , there 's a fair amount of religious songs done .
Also check out the childrens gymnastics classes in your area .
what are some jobs I can get with having English as my fist lang n Spanish as my second ?
Computer / Internet related .
English / Spanish interpreter .
English teacher in spanish schools .
Which is best Products Brand in India or International ?
There are a number of brands depending on sectors like FMCG , consumer electronics & IT .
Some of these include Godrej , HUL , Nestle , Amul , Cadbury 's , LG , Sony , HCL and so on .
how to recover my contacts on skype ?
by mistake I 've deleted all my contacts on skype , I want them back u ca n't ... unless and until you get their usernames or e-mail address . .
: p how could the construction industy be more sustainible ?
During its life - cycle -- from design , through construction , occupation and operation and all the way to demolition -- a building has many different impacts on the environment and society , from materials use during construction to energy consumption during occupation .
The built environment is responsible for more than 40 percent of global energy use and one third of global greenhouse gas emissions -- and up to 80 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in our cities and towns .
In order to improve the sustainability of the built environment , impacts at all stages of the life cycle need to be considered .
Measuring , monitoring and reporting the sustainability of construction activities and buildings has suffered from a lack of consistency .
The construction industry can adopt measures like L E E D certification , G R I H A ratings , The Common Carbon Metric etc to help architects , designers and the construction industry to make buildings that are energy efficient , follow environmental best practices and preserve aesthetic beauty .
Also by following reporting standards as that of Global Reporting Initiative , steps can be taken to bring transparency .
Interesting question .
I was one a construction project last year with 75 workers and 130 environmental monitors .
Essentially one truck for every person on the job .
One way you could cut emissions by 70 % and get the job done even faster is to get rid of the monitors .
But thats California .
most projects jave about one minitor per 10 - 12 guys , they do serve good puropse to make sure no one intentionally dumps / destroys anything , but there is no reason to have 130 to watch 75 guys .
In all honesty the industry can focus on re-use rather than new , but theres less money in that so its going to be a hard sell .
They can use products make from recycled materials , that is likely the biggest potential impact .
using things that are sustainably designed and making sure that when it is time to be torn down as much of the building can be recycled as possible What measures to be adopted to save the coastal fishermen ?
disastermanagement It is unfortunate , but common resources such as air , water , and fish and game have to regulated and managed .
Otherwise , there will be incentives for some people to over use the resource or use it in a way that damages it .
We can control over fishing in our territorial waters but it takes some effort and resources .
We have international laws to protect fishing grounds but these are often flouted , particularly by Asian nations of China , Taiwan , and Japan .
You can have one of these giant trawlers go through an area and completely wipe it out and it wo n't recover for years if then .
I would support extra efforts to police these sorts of violations .
Adequate education .
Trainings to survive disaster .
Also mentally preparing them to tackle the disaster situations .
Coast guard should be well equipped , well informed and alert to help the fishermen .
Not sure about disaster management , but coastal fishermen are in trouble due to extensive overfishing in the worlds oceans .
We can control our coastal waters , but hte is the extend our our national control .
This is a global problem wiht overfishinig being done globally .
Yields are going down year by year and some predictions of collapse of the oceanic fishing market are kinda scary .
This is one reason why we are seeing more effort in farming in the open ocean .
Its is now the only dependable way to get a sustainable yield of fish from the ocean .
can a gl - 2 record video onto it 's SD card ?
No man .
The GL - 2 is a great performer but it ca n't record video directly on the card .
It does support SD cards but can only store the images captured to the card .
By the way , that 's a semi pro camera .
Why do you need to capture on card ?
Tapes give better quality than cards .
Used it .
Great camera man .
Great lens !
: ) no , the GL2 is a 10 year old design and recording video on SD cards was not possible then .
even if it did , SD card recording is much lower quality than miniDV recording .
How much is one vegatarian and one carnavore meals at fogo de chao Kansas city including drinks & tip ?
How much is : 2 meals : one vegatarian , one carnavore 2 drinks : sodas or other non achololic drinks and tip ?
I checked Zagat and they estimate $ 56 per person ( base on one entre , one drink and tip ) so for two people I would plan to spend approximately $ 125 .
what qualifications do i need to drive water trucks in the australia mines ?
Only a suitable drivers licence .
Mine Site Induction Cards and a truck license .
I drew a picture of one of my friends and someone told her now shes arguing with me i want to get out of it ; ( ? I drew a picture of one of my friends in class and then someone told her its not a bad picture but it could be to her and now she is having an argument with me and I want to get out of it how ? . If it was me I would say sorry for drawing her without permission and thene rip up the pic showing her how sorry u are . Or change the pic and say you never drew a pic of her Be honest , fess up to drawing it , say that you never meant it to be bad but you wanted it to be flattering , appologise and throw the picture away : ) Questions about fogo de chao ?
I 'd like to treat my boyfriend :
I 'm just curious - How much are : 2 meals - one vegetarian one carnivorous 2 drinks - Tip ?
Plan on 2 bills I looked on Zagat and they estimate $ 56 per person ( based on 1 entree , 1 drink and tip ) .
So for two people I would plan to send around $ 125 to $ 150 .
Paris hotel recommendation ?
We will visit Paris next spring and are looking for a nice hotel in a central district .
We were thinking of the Marais , Latin Quarter or Saint Germain but would n't rule out other areas .
We want to be in a charming , lively area close to sights , cafs , restaurants , shopping .
Prefer contemporary hotel , boutique feel .
Thank you !
My friend and her family went to Paris last year and found cheap hotels through http://sydney.travelontheway.com/City/Paris.htm?label=forum said they got a really good deal .
you might wan na check it out It really depends on how much you 're eager to spend for hosting , but I believe the Hotel Le Clos Medicis is a good choice , It 's well located , and benefits of good feddbacks , you can check it here : http://www.cityvox.fr/hotels_paris/hotel-le-clos-medicis_4982/Profil-Lieu it 's in french but you 'll see several pics .
I hop you 'll have a nice stay in my beautiful city google it Fellow Australians - what do you think of the carbon tax legislation passing ?
I agree in part with Aubrey , but not about Abbott.Gillard will live to regret this & those foolish people who still blindly follow her will regret it even more when their cost of living soars in the near future.Anything built on a lie tends to come unstuck in the end .
Today 's The Day The Teddy Bears Get Their Picks Nicked
About bl00dy time , the talk about doing something , anything , to abate and reduce unnaturally occurring carbon exhaustion ( and other noxious emmisions ) has only been going on for the better part of two decades plus .
It 's a blow for democracy .
The Australian people said very loudly that they did n't want it - and got it forced down our throats anyway .
It wo n't DO anything .
We barely contribute to pollution as it is !
All that will happen is it will destroy what is left of Australian industry as people will look to buy overseas products that are much cheaper ( as they do n't have a carbon tax ! )
.
Not to mention hurting the farmers by slugging them with higher transport fees , driving the price of EVERYTHING up , and putting more and more pressure on already struggling families .
Besides that , what on earth makes Juliar think a carbon tax is going to stop climate change ?
The climate 's been changing for 4.8 billion years ...
Wireless Surround Sound Question ?
I 've been searching amazon for a wireless surround sound system and there are a bunch advertised .
However when I read the descriptions and critiques people always talk about WIRING .
Hello ?
How is a wireless system full of wires ?
Or maybe I do n't have a good understanding of what wireless really means .
What I want is surround sound without wires crisscrossing my living room .
Is this possible ?
What are some good systems ?
Thanks for any help you can give me !
Yes but right now not really .
You want to wait for a Bluetooth system .
The price going to me on the high side of a 1000.00 + .
sound is not going to clear all the time and timing is going to be a problem .
I say wait for blue tooth because it wo n't be a problem with other waves in the house like phone tv microwave etc. Also if you really just want great sound you can get that with right and left bi way or tri way speakers and stereo reicvier .
Polk audio makes great speakers and Onkyo makes great reciviers .
This will upgrade your sound .
i am looking for a job in domestic bpo in delhi and NCR ?
i know Hindi and Punjabi very well but my English is very weak.i have also done ntt i.e nursery teacher training.i am really in need of job.please help .
Find good consultant that can help u. Out that is only best option idk Nat West Bank PLC in London ?
Addres :
Nat West Towwers .
1 - 7 Powis Street .
WooLwich , London - SE18 6LE .
You are being SCAMMED .
DO NOT send them any money or personal details .
you planing on robbing them ?
oh what ?
If this is regarding an email claiming there is money for you at that bank , it 's a long running scam
First of all , the bank is called Natwest ( one word ) , not Nat West .
Second , there is no such thing as Nat West Towers
There is a Natwest brach at 1 - 7 Powis Street - you can see their number listed with directory assistance http://www.theinvestingsite.com/banks/london/woolwich/natwest-SE18-6LE.htm If these are not the phone numbers you were given , then you are being scammed .
If the emails are not from @ natwest.com then you are being scammed What is the defination of wildlife santuary ?
A wildlife sanctuary is an area specially designated where it is illegal to interfere in anyway with the natural life there .
Hunting , shooting and fishing would be prohibited .
sanctuary is a place where killing or capturing of any animal is prohibited except under orders of the authorities concerned .
they provide protection and optimum living conditions to wild animals .
a place where wild life will not be shot trapped or molested Wild animals are to be protected The forest where the wild animals are protected and kept sacred is wildlife sanctuary will to much oil in Kawasaki ke100 cause clutch to slip ?
Too much oil can cause the clutch to slip initially but as soon as it locks up it should not continue to slip .
Using oil that is designed for cars with `` anti friction '' additives in it will contaminate your clutch plates and cause your clutch to slip .
A cheap fix for slipping clutch plates is to run ATF oil in your gearbox .
Using ATF oil is only a temp fix when you 're in a pinch though , and you should replace the clutch plates as soon as possible .
more likely clutch plates gone , but could of overfilled .
To much oil wo n't make the clutch slip .
The problem will be either a worn clutch or it is out of adjustment ...
Check the free play .
How many articles are there on Wikipedia ?
How many articles are there on the English Wikipedia and how many new ones are added each day ?
Please provide a source Right now there are 3,790,301 articles on Wikipedia and there is no specific rate .
Each day a different amount of articles is being added there .
When you no longer want to talk to someone on MSN do you block or delete them or both ?
Block , delete or both ?
Both are practicable .
But for me , though I do n't want to talk with someone during a special time .
In some days , perhaps I wan na speak to him / her again .
So for me , block or delete are nonsense .
Which is right ?
There is lots of water .
There are lots of water .
There is much water .
There are much water . ?
There is a lot of water , would be the correct way .
However , there is lots of water , could work too .
there are lots of water `` there is lots of water '' and `` there is much water ''
the first answerer is an idiot Is it wise to dive into 1080p projector based on my current projector ( 720p ) throw & viewing distance ?
Hi all , Am looking to sell my current ( 720p ) optoma hd65 projector and upgrade to full hd ( optoma hd20 or the optoma hd200x ) projector .
My current projector optoma hd65 ( 720p ) is currently projecting at a distance of 13 feet and a bit over on a 100 '' diagional screen and the viewing distance from where I sit to the screen is 12 feet and a bit .
As this upgrade would be my first full hd projector dont know what to expect so thought I should put this to you guys as I want to know whether or not I will benefit from upgrading to 1080p projector from a throw distance of 13 feet and viewing distance of 12 feet on a 100 '' screen .
Also would I notice the difference between 1080p and 720p from this distances .
Thank You !
Projectors almost always benefit from higher resolution .
But for your specific case see the article and graphs at the 1st link .
Basically , YES you would benefit from a 1080p projector on your 100 `` screen at 12 ft ... in fact that is close to the optimum distance ( 2nd link ) .
This naturally assumes normal eyesight .
Just be sure the lens on whatever projector you choose can handle the same mounting position as your old one and it should be a seamless transition .
Yes .
If you are going to watch a blu ray disc movie then it is worth upgrading .
I upgraded many years ago to a 1080P projector from Panasonic with a screen of around 110 `` .
Panasonic has been one of the mid range projector that is recommended by home theater magazine .
Hope this will help you out .
want increase more sale ?
i am running acomurised cyber internet facility and photo copy mc .
The cyber internet facility more depends on the locality and more on the type of people living around.If your cyber is located in a colony which constitute a major number college going students then its very fine .
The main reason being that these students are interested in sites which keep them away from the subjects they study and they are crazy for it cause this is the age to have fun and enjoyment .
Then the frequent results of the examinations and all that .
The photo copying , too is a major requirement of the students for their thesis and practical classes .
If you have this cyber just adjacent to your home then the things may not turn out to be favourable cause that way , you had given major importance to your home rather than the business .
Reducing the cost of each photo copy has no effect .
Nowadays , no one cares for the cost involved .
Students look for a Cyber near by .
So do not make the photo copying cheaper , it will have negative effect on your business .
Next , is the amicable nature that you have within you .
You must greet each person with a smile and talk to him on some matter or the other when he visits your Cyber .
This will make him closure to you thereby having a positive result on your business .
Overall , I can say that the students hostel premises is the best place for this type of business .
Major proportion of the community are the students of today and you are to take advantage of this situation .
How many new articles are added to Wikipedia every day ?
On average how many new articles are added to English Wikipedia every day ?
Please provide a supporting URL About 1000 per day , see the url below , column G. Hundreds of them , if you do n't add editing and updating articles .
I can not say but Only I guess that 1000 articles added on Wikipedia every day .
What should I know before I get myself a bike ?
Ok , so I know a bit about bikes well a fair bit actually and Ive liked them for years now , but I actually have enough money to get myself one and I was just wondering if thiers any thing I should know , I 'm talking a mx bike just mucking around in the bush and maby the track now and then , if I ride it for 2 - 3 hours one day a week , how much is maintainence and fuel gana cost me ?
do they break down much I 'm not a crazy rider and I am fairly mechanically good as in not stuffing my gears etc. Should I rebuild the fork and shocks ?
how often ?
what are the ins and outs of owning my OWN bike .
cuz I mean my dad aint gana do it haha I 'm 19 and I will probably get a 250 , 4 stroke 02 - 11 and my price range is $ 3000 for the bike but this question is more about what to do with maintainence etc.
5 stars to best answer your going to have to get the valves checked often or learn how to do it your self , that will make it much cheaper , motor oil and tranny oil will need to be changed probably every 5 to 6 rides ( depending on how long and hard your rides are obviously ) if your real easy on the bike and only ride a couple hours a week you could probably double that amount , air filters i change after EVERY ride when its dusty out and every couple rides when its wet out , keeping your bike clean and in good shape makes for longer lasting parts , clean your chain and re-lube it every time after you wash it , check your seals on your forks ( once they are leaking you need to change them ) , a top end job can be up to $ 1500 on a 4 - stroke so its good to check the compression often to determine rather your in need of a new piston or rings before your blow the top end .
Gas mileage varies on a mx bike , I had a crf 250 that would do 60 mpg on a hard ride and my friends will only do about 45 mpg .
Jetting and tank size can effect that dramatically .
There are many people who are perfectionists and feel that every 2 weeks the whole bike needs to be stripped apart and checked out but im giving my advice for the average weekend warrior .
Welcome to the world of riding !
In the Taylor Swift video `` Spark 's Fly '' she has tattoos .
Are they real ?
Tell me it aint so .
She does n't have any tattoos she rights lyrics on her arm and she used to draw a heart on her foot I do n't know If she still does that though : ) ) ) ) Nope they ate not real they are sharpie Yes , they are real .
This is one little - known fact about Taylor Swift .
She 's into tattoos .
That is one of many reasons why I ca n't stand her .
As far as I 'm concerned , she has destroyed country music as we know it .
Or at least put the final nail in its coffin .
i want a skit on the topic global warming of 15 to 20 min ?
You could construct it from one or more scenes in either of theses videos :
The Great Global Warming Swindle http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaTJJCPYhlk
Global Warming Doomsday Called Off http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3309910462407994295 #
-- -- -- -- --
Be a Person asking people to buy Carbon Credits and promise that will lower the temperature somehow .
You should make a debate between a scientists with all the facts and a climate change skeptic .
It should be interesting .
How to prepare a science model on `` Environmental Issues and Conservation '' ?
Please guys I need your help ! ! ! ! ?
You can make a model of a forest showing half of it as a forest and the rest of it being converted into an industrial area .
You can give the message that due to this our biodiversity is being constantly depleted .
So we need to move on towards sustainable development .
You can also show a mine which has been worked upon and left as a barren land having no use having all slags around .
Good luck ! !
Please which song is this and who sang it ?
plsssss ?
This is some of lyrics * In majesty -- -- home , life is peaceful and the -- -- is * it 's a gospel song & i really need to know it ... ... . .
the broken lines means a word or two is missing , Thanks in advance !
Julianne Hough - My Hallelujah Song Type that in to youtube Are Colombia and Equado a low income countries ?
Colombia and EquadoR ( as opposed to Equado ) are two countries located in Latin America ( South America to be exact ) .
As with most of Latin America , 100f the population has 900f the wealth leaving 900f the population to split the remaining 10 % .
Does n't make for a very robust middle class but what it does make is an elite and very wealthy rich and a very large poor .
Cost of living in both countries can be relatively inexpensive but to live like the `` rich '' an be incredibly expensive .
If you wish to live like a traditional Colombian or an Equadorian , then you can do it for much less than living middle class in your own country .
In comparison to the U.S. and Europe they are low income countries but in the global scheme of things they are not .
The World Bank classifies both as `` Upper Middle Income Countries '' .
Columbia has a per capita GNI at $ 5500 and an adult literacy rate of 93 % and Ecuador has a per capita GNI of $ 4300 and an adult literacy rate of 84 % .
Name some world cheapest bike 600 to 1000cc ?
Name some world cheapest bike 600 to 1000cc ?
pls name and thanks to spend ur time and dont say i live in india sooo u will buy pulsar
Wiggysan can u say ur face book id my is sairaj kunimal pls make me ur friend pls I dont use FB .
Delete this question .
It a report .
Yahoo does not allow you to post the same question twice .
Do n't keep asking the same question , read the answers ... anyone know the name of a great sports bar in boston u.s.a ?
it was next to a Hotel i stayed in great food and rib sauce is it still there please i went there 12 years ago it had signed baseball bats on the wall ted williams photos etc i hope its still open i am from england i would like to go back one day Is it ok to connect a / c overflow to a sewage pipe ( 11 floors hi rise ) ?
I live in a hi rise .
the management has connected an a / c drain to a sewer pipe .
The sewer pipe is now venting into 50 apartments .
Are we in trouble or is this ok .
Thanks As long as there is a connection with elbow like under your sink that is filled with water , you should n't get any sewage odors back through the line .
itx ok bt u can use this for watering plants or other domestic purpose ... ... ... ... ... ... .
moreover you should check monthly or annualy to maintain working of ac Which is the best song that can be done as a instrumental cover ? ? . . ?
I have a children 's day competition in hand .
My group has to play instrumental music .
I want a song that can be played on guitar .
It must be a popular sing and also it must give a good message .
For eg , hard work , friendship ... . .
You are in the wrong cat ' this is for JAZZ enthusiasts but if as you say it must be a popular song go to pop & rock .
The Calling - Wherever You Will Go Counting Crows - Big Yellow Taxi Lifehouse - You and Me
But it depends how good you are .
I 'm guessing you 're a `` child '' because of the whole `` children 's day competition '' .
Just simplify , the songs are n't too hard .
is december a good idea to visit switzerland ?
we r a family of four with 2 sons age 9 and 16 planning to visit switzerland .
we r currently living in ireland n switzerland being close enough and thinking it would be great for winter sports and sightseeing both , r planning this december .
any advise please ?
Lets see , I 've been to Switzerland several times so let me `` advice '' this .
Switzerland is incredibly beautiful anytime of the year .
The mountains , the lakes , the absolute amazing natural beauty .
December is the start of the winter but at altitude you should not have a problem seeing snow if that 's what you want .
Base your self in the town of Interlaken ( between the lakes ) and take the tram up the mountains to the villages of Kleine Sheidig and Wengen .
The Eiger ( 2nd largest peak in Europe ) is located right there and the cog tram up the mountain for the views is amazing .
Enjoy no it is good for any time no doubt ...
Are Insignia HDTVs good products ?
I mean , do they last many years ? .
My dad bought a Sansung HDTV in 2006 and it still working like the first day we got it out of the box .
They are BestBuy 's budget line of HDTVs .
They are nothing fancy , but -- particularly in the last year or so -- are considered to offer pretty good value for the money .
They are rated behind Vizio however .
See reviews at the link .
Insignia is a bargain price tv .
If you read yahoo questions , you will notice that 950f tv problems comes from those bargain price tv .
Keep in mind , you get what you pay for .
Panasonic and Samsung are the top brand for quality and reliability .
I would never recommend any of those bargain price tv to anyone .
Hope this will help you out .
3D projectors , screens , etc. What can I get for around 1500 ?
< Hello .
I 've noticed that 3D projectors have come down in price considerably .
I 'd like to buy one for my living room .
I 'd mainly only watch movies on it and it certainly would n't be an ' everyday ' thing - something for occasional use .
I reckon I have around 1500 to 2000 to spend and would like something with full 1080p resolution .
Also , if possible , I would like to not have to spend money on fancy powered glasses - I 'd prefer the ones that are used in the cinema if possible ?
Excuse my ignorance but this is why I 'm here - to ask your advice !
Help !
3D comes in various `` flavours '' .
Basically passive or active glasses are required .
The problem with passive is that , as I understand it , the resolution of the display is effectively cut in half , so on a projector ( which is already sub-optimum in resolution on most screens ) this translates to a low resolution image ( See link 1 ) .
Im not ready to buy into 3D yet , personally , but from my reading you do n't want to go this way unless image quality is secondary to getting the 3D effect
Active glasses are therefore the preferred approach with projectors .
Note that you will need glasses for all viewers , a 3D projector ( and if not included the emitter ... preferably an RF ( Bluetooth ) type ) , and a 3D Blu - ray player ( and a `` silver '' screen if using a passive 3D system ) so there are several costs to cover by your budget .
See the 1st link for further info ( more articles at links at the bottom of the page )
As you note prices are coming down .
In the US the Optoma HD33 is available for $ 1500 .
Epson are about to introduce a new intro level 1080p 3D projector with 2 pairs of glasses fro $ 1600 .
See the 2nd and 3rd link for reviews and recommendations .
The 2nd link has links to several blogs that cover different aspects of 3D projection ( e.g. new / upcoming models , underlying technology ( including screens ) that are required reading . For example , you need to understand the differences that 3D make ( e.g. potential need for a new screen , brightness issues , advantages and disadvantages of LCD vs DLP technology , whether you can mix and match manufacturers , etc ... all in addition to understanding the `` normal '' issues re projectors / screens .
Hope this helps .
which is the best indian restaurant in new york ?
TAMARIND 41 - 43 E. 22nd St. ( bet . B'way & Park Ave. S. ) Manhattan , NY 10010 99 Hudson St. ( bet . Franklin & Harrison Sts . )
Manhattan , NY 10013
- or -
DAWAT 210 E. 58th St. ( bet . 2nd & 3rd Aves . )
Manhattan , NY 10022 Where did Latin American Cowboys in such countries like Belize , Mexico , and The Yucatan come from ?
Where in the World did Spanish Speaking Cowboys that are of Mayan Civilization in The New World that are on beaches and in Mexican Pueblos that are in Latin American countries that ride on donkeys and Spanish Mustangs that wear Sombreros , and speak little English that you see in places like Cancun , Cozumel , Baja California , The Yucatan Peninsula , Belize , Costa Rica , on Playas , in certain part of Texas and even sometimes in your local area here in The United States that look like hard workers that sometimes wear Tejano hats and Western looking Mexican apparel come from in history ?
Cowboys did not precede the introduction of cattle and horses from Europe into the new world .
The Spaniards brought of cattle to Mexico and also the horses .
Cowboy is an English word , Mexico has caballeros , Belize speaks English , many places use gauchos .
If you were out of work , and you had the horses would you not ride on the beach trying to get the rich foreigners to give you money for photos , go horse back riding ?
I would .
With the regalia they wear they are noticable , good marketing tool .
The clothing was developed in part :
Spain , Mexico , United States , Argentina , and all other countries that has ranches .
Sombreros , stetson , and other hats protect you from the elements .
Please pick a `` Best Answer '' , even if it is not mine .
That way we can tell if we really do help people .
What Gulfport says .
Only adding that `` The Yucatan '' is not a country , it is a peninsula that is part of Mexico .
What is a McDonald 's Welcome Meeting ?
I have a welcome meeting and was just wondering what it is ?
Are you on your own or with other new people ?
You will get paid for going to your orientation .
You will receive your uniform and will be shown various videos on the expectations of the company .
You will be given a welcome pack and all the paperwork about your job position .
You might get the chance to work in the restaurant depending on what the manager is like .
If so , do n't be nervous and use it as a learning experience .
One quick piece of advice : if you do work in the restaurant , you will be under constant pressure but do n't panic and stay calm .
Good luck !
: ) its a meeting so im assuming with other people . .
like welcoming all the new staff . .
like an orientation What was the most races ever won by one driver during the chase ?
Would n't you agree that Tony Stewart is the hottest driver in the NASCAR Cup series as of now ?
And just for kicks , does anyone here remember way back in July when I was saying that Carl was going to take the championship title away from the 48 team ?
Why do you think I would have said that way back in July ?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AjIU1tsScPU0J9aTLQTQ37_ty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20110710091739AAwggkV # 48 and # 14 have both won 4 - JJ and TS I do n't think you were going out on a huge limb when you predicted Carl .
He 's spent almost the entire season leading the points .
Tony ?
There 's no arguing that he 's the hottest .
If he wins the Chase , it 'll be a great example of why I dislike it .
They 've been FAR from the best team this season .
But the Chase wipes out everything that happens for the 1st two thirds of the season .
Lucky guesses only makes you eligible to win the office pool .
But that was the whole point of changing to the Chase format , it being the playoffs , to allow the hottest team / driver at the end of the season have a legitimate shot at the title .
Do the recycled rice tote bags have lead paint on them ?
I have always wondered if the recycled rice tote bags ( purses etc. . . )
have ever been tested for lead , mercury or any other contaminants .
Does anyone know ?
no. that is not the type of paint that historically contained lead I would guess that there is no lead , mercury , or other contaminate testing required for either the bag , the bag 's coloring agent , or the paint on the outside of the bag .
There may be some regulations for the material the bag is made of , the coloring agents , and / or the paint but , they are likely to be based upon the `` intended use '' .
The intended use is for a single use , holding of rice kept within specified humidity and temperature ranges ; in the intended use scenario it is unlikely that any printing on the exterior of the bag will come in contact with the food product its self .
I 'm not sure that I understand what you are referring to when you speak of recycled , rice bag totes .
Who is making them and where .
Or more to the point , who are the folks saving the used rice bags for recycling and what is the path that these bags take before they become totes ?
If the bags are actually recycled , rice bags then the laws and policies of the country producing them and the country receiving the rice would prevail .
They are not necessarily as stiff as ours .
It is more likely that these totes are made of bags and materials that have never held rice .
They could be made by the company that produces rice bags using the same or totally different processes .
Or , they could just as easily be made by an entirely different company .
Of course , the `` intended use '' rules for a decorative tote are undoubtedly less restrictive than the rules for a food container .
- And this is how we get child lunch boxes , plastic cases , and reusable sacks that have permissible levels of all sorts of things because the intended use calls for no food contact and disposal as soon as the item becomes chalky .
It is also how we have different regulation for the intended use of a child 's lunch container versus an adults lunch container .
It is my understanding that most product testing and assurance is done by the company selling the products and / or their agents rather than the government or some other agency .
This would not be the retailer , but the company who owns the brand or logo on the package .
The company that sells the products then provides assurances to their customer base who has the right to chose where to spend their money and thus affect the quality assurance process .
The company that sells the products also provides , or directs their agents to provide , testing and quality assurance data to the government .
As the number of hands and distance grows , the ability to assign of responsibility and liability decreases .
Help with my android phone ... ?
Okay , so when i go to android market , it says :
Google sign - in You entered the wrong password or your account has changed .
Please re-enter your password .
The email that it 's showing for my username is my YOUTUBE account email but it 's saying google sign in ... . . ? ? ? ?
I 'm CONFUSED .
It 's been doing this for like 2 months and I 'm not sure what to do .
The phone will not let me ' erase ' my username , it only gives me the option to enter my password & sign in .
Please help ? !
I would guess changing it to your gmail address may possibly help ...
What version of Market are you using ?
When the Market app is running , select the menu and see if it has an option for `` Accounts '' .
If yes , then you should be able to change accounts there to the one you want .
Otherwise follow these steps :
1 .
Go to Settings , Applications , Manage Applications 2 .
Select the `` All '' tab .
Scroll down to the Market and select .
3 .
Select `` Clear Defaults '' 4 .
Select `` Clear Data '' 5 .
Select `` Force Stop '' 6 .
Go to Settings , Accounts & Sync 7 .
You should see your Google account ( or Youtube account ) .
Select this account .
8 .
Select Remove Account 9 .
Repeat steps 7 and 8 for all Google accounts 10 .
Reboot phone 11 .
Go to Settings , Accounts & Sync 12 .
Add your Google account that you want to use for Market ( one that you have credit card linked to ) .
13 .
Start the Market app and register again using the Google account you added in step 12 .
This should do it .
Go back and add all the other Google accounts that you previously removed .
Good luck What are the basic rules in NASCAR ?
I 'm an Indian and I watch NASCAR sometimes .
I love motosports , and so I would really like to know what the basic NASCAR rules that any spectator should know so that he / she can enjoy the race .
I do n't want the `` turn left '' stuff !
I want to know what the qualification is based upon , the points system and the prize money .
turn left You must be in the lead when you cross the finish line to take home the most money .
Drive hard , turn left , and cry your share .
Does any one know a good place to host a birth day party in bangalore ?
i want to celebrate my kids first bday .
Taj hotel Hi Friend
The perfect party place for next few days is none other than Barista Lavazaa .
They are up with an awesome offer of buy one get one free on any beverage .
This is possible only with the help of TimesDeal ( dot ) com .
You can go to this site and make a purchase .
For details on the same you can join them on Facebook and on Twitter as well .
Have a great time .
Is there a product or homemade formula for encouraging oxidation of decorative iron ?
I 've purchased painted garden trellises , partially oxidated , but would prefer much more oxidation .
i think you put your question in the wrong formula category .
how much money do i need in my wallet when i go to another country ( 5 stars to best come on guys answer please ? How much money do i need in my wallet when i go to another country ? im going to nz im in Australia but the travel agent recommended that i have 3 - 4 hundred dollars in my wallet so customs dont think im just moving to nz i dont like having a lot of money in my wallet i only take what i need from my card how much do i really need
ok i asked this before but a they were confused i CAN afford the trip im saying i would rather draw out money with my bank card then carry like $ 400 dollars in my wallet just for customs its just nz its the same country basically they are only not an Australian state because of a few votes Who would be warmer in this situation ?
2 people are trapped in a cold room with no heater and one blanket to share .
To keep warm they decide to lay one on top the other covered by the blanket .
Who would be warmer , the person on top or the person on the bottom ?
This happened to me and my friend Jim .
I was on the bottom for most of the time while Jim was on top .
Oh , and we learned later that you do n't really need to have sex to stay warm , just cuddling works .
Does n't matter , had sex .
Probably the fellow on the bottom .
It depends on what 's underneath the person on the bottom , if it 's a bed then I 'd say the person on the bottom will , if it 's a slab of concrete then probably the person on the top .
Ian , normally I think you 're full of hooey , but this time I 'd say you really nailed him ... .
I mean it .
Good answer !
Do you like the way surfing is progressing ?
Watching the surf competitions and the progression of surfing these days , it seems air tricks are the next evolution of surfing .
Call me traditional but I feel these tricks really take the shine off surfing making it more ' skateboardish ' and tacky .
Do n't get me wrong , if I could do these tricks I 'd be stoked but I much prefer the carving , barrels and down the line stuff .
Griggs ,
When I see those airs I must admit I 'm impressed and I wish I could pull some of those off .
They look incredible and are probably a blast to do .
I still remember watching a video of Kelly Slater trying to pull off a 360 air maybe 10 years ago and he never landed it .
Now I see 14 year old kids here in Texas pulling them off ?
Crazy how the sport evolves .
Watching the greats ( Dora , Lance Carson , Gerry Lopez , Shaun Tomson , etc. ) surf in the 60 ' s , 70 ' s , 80 ' s impresses me more though .
I think airs and skate tricks are the natural progression , but everyone who surfs knows the best feeling is just the basic glide .
As they say ... `` only a surfer knows the feeling '' .
it 's not progressing I agree with the other answer .
Airs look like so much fun and I wish I could do them , but I agree more with you .
I think that the traditional moves are more fun and what surfing is about .
Which is the best way to deal with money when arriving in Havana ( Cuba ) ?
I would like to know which would be the best way for an European to be assured in regards to money when arriving in Havana : going with some Euros , exchange in a bank or `` cadena '' with credit card , travel checks , western union exchange , etc. ?
Please advice .
Cheers Does the chocolate touch separate texts by contact ?
Can you text someone in a conversation like the iphone no i dont think so which is the best state in India to live in ?
In terms of culture , education and stranded of living kerala .
Its safe , cultural , high standard of living and the higher standard of education : ) .
The most literate count is in kerala ...
Maharashtra by far .
Probably Mumbai , since its like no other place in India .
Second best is probably Bangalore ( Karnataka ) HEY HELLO I 'M ITALIAN GIRL I LIVE IN NAPOLI . .
SORRY BUT MY ENGLISH IN NOT PERFECT . .
I WOULD LIKE MAKE A FRIENDS : ) : ) MY NAMES IS MICHAELA : ) ASK ME GIRLS AND BOY : ) CIAO DALL'ITALIA What is the nutritional information for edina grill ?
I am going to edina grill on friday , and I wanted to know what the best healthiest thing there is at edina grill .
I want to lose weight and I eat about 400 calories at breakfast .
I tried looking for a website but there was n't one on google .
Help please !
Do I need to buy a new printer ?
I just got a new computer ( second hand ) , which has Windows 7 .
I have an H - P DeskJet 722c printer , which has only a large multi-pin connector -- no USB jack or any other interface .
The H - P website appears to have no down - loadable driver for this printer .
Is there any way to keep using this printer , or do I need to upgrade to a newer one ?
Have tried using the Vista download .
The Vista downloads will work at times it sounds like you have an old parallel printer .
no , you will not be able to use it .
With an inket , you have to take into account the warranty and cost of ink .
With a laser you have to take into account the cost of the cartridge and the page yield to get the cost per page .
The link at the end is an article comparing the two with recommendations and links to online deals and coupons .
Here 's a synopsis :
The best printer deals online :
The Epson Artisan 810 refurb with 2 year warranty for $ 109 or a new 725 for $ 99 .
The deals change daily .
There may also be a 100ff code still valid .
The info is in the link at the end .
Best warranty in the industry , Epson will fedex a replacement and pick up the old one at their expense should you need it .
Over a year ago the refurb Artisan 800 was on sale ( almost the identical printer ) .
I and many friends bought it .
In a year only one ( out of at least a dozen ) had to be replaced and it took one day .
Not mine and I use it heavily .
The Artisans are heavy - duty wireless , scanner / Copier / printers , print to DVD , fast , great output .
The 800 series have fax , sheet feeders and optional duplexing .
Best of all , you can get ink for under 50 cents a cartridge .
You pay under 2.50 for reusable cartridges and then get $ 2 back for the empties .
Or you can buy refillables ( which is what Im using now ) and refill yourself for pennies .
The info on the printer and the link to the epson deals is updated constantly at http://ccs-digital.com/Best-printer-deals.asp No you will need a new printer driver is not supported on this HP model 722c model with a serial port printer .
Had a similar problem tried downloading the `` vista '' version did not work !
there is no real solution for this problem wasted a lot of time on this problem .
Try buying a new `` cheap '' printer plenty of them on sale .
I just bought a brother for $ 49.00 catridges are cheaper than most other printers .
Good luck .
Want to buy printer scanner .
Any recommendations ?
I 'm looking for a decent printer scanner with ink that does n't break the bank .
I 'd use it for printing digital art so the quality is relatively important , but seemingly HP ink costs a fortune and I WILL be using a lot of ink .
Thank you in advance .
With an inket , you have to take into account the warranty and cost of ink .
The link at the end is an article with recommendations and links to online deals and coupons .
Here 's a synopsis :
The best printer deals online :
The Epson Artisan 810 refurb with 2 year warranty for $ 109 or a new 725 for $ 99 .
The deals change daily .
There may also be a 100ff code still valid .
The info is in the link at the end .
Best warranty in the industry , Epson will fedex a replacement and pick up the old one at their expense should you need it .
Over a year ago the refurb Artisan 800 was on sale ( almost the identical printer ) .
I and many friends bought it .
In a year only one ( out of at least a dozen ) had to be replaced and it took one day .
Not mine and I use it heavily .
The Artisans are heavy - duty wireless , scanner / Copier / printers , print to DVD , fast , great output .
The 800 series have fax , sheet feeders and optional duplexing .
Best of all , you can get ink for under 50 cents a cartridge .
You pay under 2.50 for reusable cartridges and then get $ 2 back for the empties .
Or you can buy refillables ( which is what Im using now ) and refill yourself for pennies .
The info on the printer and the link to the epson deals is updated constantly at http://ccs-digital.com/Best-printer-deals.asp You may find it cheaper and get better quality to take the files with artwork to a commercial printer .
I take mine to Hobby Lobby - their print services are good and they take the time to match the colors properly .
At home I use an Epson Artisan 810 .
The printers can take high capacity ( for an inkjet ) cartridges and do a good job of printing .
Good quality inkjet ink is expensive , there 's no getting around that and I would n't recommend usng those self - fill ink sets as you do n't know what you 're getting .
How do i find a single analog phone company ?
I need a land - line but it cant be digital or VoIP , but i cant seem to find a company that offers a single analog service .
Your only real choice is the copmany who owns the wires going to your house .
Some places might have CLECs .
You would know of that , because they would advertise .
i find it really hard to believe that you can not find a company like Verizon , AT&T , Frontier , Qwest of one of the other many rural regional bell companies to come out and install a POTS line for you ...
I understand why certain circumstances require that a line not be VoIP , but what is wrong with a digital voice line as provided by the cable companies , or FiOS / Uverse ?
they can do everything a POTS line can do ( fax , alarm systems , dial - up networks , etc. ) that VoIP service is unable to perform reliably . .
how electric fan gives useful and waste energy ?
Useful energy is the heat generated , waste energy is that it takes more energy than is used to produce the required heat .
In which ways was 1980s society better in East Germany ( DDR / GDR ) than in West Germany ( BRD / FRG ) ?
What were the good things about life in East Germany ?
tags :
Ostdeutschland Westdeutschland Deutsche Demokratische Republik Bundesrepublik Deutschland I apologise for deleting this question 5 mins after it went live previously , but Y !
A automatically restricted it to UK & Ireland users only ( not helpful ! )
Why is it so hard for me to make money without a job ?
I 'm currently working at a department store doing office tasks , however , when I try to make extra money by selling stuff or trying to get money from other sources , I struggle and fail miserably .
Is there anything wrong with me ?
or working as a self employed is that hard ?
You just answered the question yourself .
checkout third & fourth link on :
WWw.great-business.info This is a tough economy plus a tough time to live in .
The concept of a skilled labor force is changing .
The market now wants engineers , accountants , bankers , and pharmacists .
You need to have a skill in order to make money .
All of the entry level jobs have been shipped overseas .
You need to develop a skill set that people need and are willing to fork out cash for .
Are you good at any particular task ?
What is the best protein / supplements to use to get big for rugby ?
I dont want to get fat and I have a gym at my school !
I am 16 .
86 kg ( around 14 stone ) and about 6.2 ft . .
cheers !
: ) 1 .
The `` recommendation '' for steroids is completely irresponsible .
Steroids are dangerous and , unless prescribed by a licensed physician for appropriate medical use , illegal .
Pros do NOT use steroids .
The guy 's an idiot , and recommending them is completely out of bounds .
2 .
Unless you are a vegetarian ( and even then for most thoughtful vegetarians ) it is extremely unlikely that you are deficient in protein .
It will do you no great harm to take a whey protein supplement daily , but a well balanced diet is really all that you need .
There is very little , without getting into interventions that may be dangerous , that you can do about your growth rate at your age - basic evolutionary biology played out through your specific genetics .
Supplements :
Be very careful about this .
Supplements that do not require medical prescriptions are not covered by the safety and inspection laws that govern foods and medicines , for example the rules and procedures of the FDA in the U.S. This means that there is no independent analysis of quality control , and no need for truth - in - advertising about either safety or effectiveness .
If you are 16 , as stated , then your scientific training to date is probably a single course in biology and perhaps introductory chemistry .
That is not an adequate basis for you to determine on your own the meaning fo the ingredients or how they might interact with your body ( and any other medication you are taking ) .
If you think you need supplements , speak with your coach or your family physician , and develop a program of diet and exercise that is appropriate to your circumstances .
Under no circumstances whatsoever should you purchase supplements via the Internet .
And any moron who tells you you need steroids ?
Move rapidly toward the exit , grab your cell phone , and call the cops .
Mark L. Rugby is for pu $ $ ys try playing football Eat as many eggs as you can , with some good old protein rich yoghurt and a bunch of peanut butter sandwiches .
For dinner get stuff like chicken , salmon or tuna , keep this diet up breakfast , lunch , dinner and you should be able to put on easy weight .
Gigolo pick up spots in mumbai ?
Question about my phone bill ?
On the first of this month I paid about 60 dollars for my phone to reinstate my talk text and web etc. But everyday sense the first I 've been getting messages saying 50 dollars has been deducted from my balance .
Is this just a glitch ?
Or are they REALLY taking 50 dollars from balance everyday ? ?
If so what can I do ?
Who do I talk to about this mistake ? ?
call 611 How can i convince my parents to get me a motorcycle ?
Im 16 and they plan on getting me a car .
But instead I want a motorcycle how can I convince them to get me one instead of a car .
Save up and buy your own motorcycle .
You can definitely afford one with a decent part time job in a month or two if you want .
Think about it , you would have a motorcycle AND a car ... .
Personally i would just take the car , motorcycles are cool and a lot of fun but nowhere NEAR as a convenient .
You ca n't pick up your friends and go to the movies on a motorcycle haha .
And you ca n't really drive it in the winter ( you could but it would be freezing ! )
If they do n't agree to the motorcycle , just take the car , and save up.Good luck .
Just wait till your 18 .
then u can seel that piece of crap and buy a motor cycle Be thankful for the car .
What the hell is wrong with you ?
Is a 47th place finish something Kyle Busch fans are proud of ?
I do n't recall the last time Junior finished outside the Top 43 ... 43 Starters + 3 DNQs -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
46 +1 = 47 ( Because we know how the trolls do math ) I think technically , he finished tied for 44th along with every single human being who did n't start the race .
Not a shrub - k - tear , but , really ?
Because last I checked , since DNQs do n't actually get credit for starting a race they also do n't get credit for finishing a race either .
Hey dumba $ $ NASCAR only starts 43 cars.It 's hard to finish 47th if you did n't even start .
So tell me how many point he got Sunday genius ?
Take up a new hobby like rambling through your sister 's underwear drawer or sniffing your Daddy 's shoes after he has been on his garbage route all day .
You really need to get out of the trailer more .
Common injuries in the dressage horse ?
List as many injuries common or specific to a horse training / competing in the dressage as possible ( causes / explanations too if you can ) .
Thank you in advance : ) Try asking this in the `` right '' category .
This is the `` horse racing '' category and has nothing to do with dressage .
The `` horses '' category is at the Pets link above in the `` browse categories '' window .
This might explain why you have n't received any answers for the first 12 hours after posting ... ... ...
... ...
Billy Ray `` Meikyo '' Please help me decide which of these camcorder i 'm going to choose ?
Sony hdr - 560 , sony hrd - 360 or sony hdr - pj30 Hi certiaijem ,
Well , everyone seems to agree the 360 is too expensive for it 's quality so the 560 seems to be a better choice .
What the pj30 concerns , both the 560 and pj30 have wide - angle Sony G lenses .
For video this is very important .
64Gb or 32Gb is n't that important because you can also use external memory card .
I advise to use SD because it 's simply better and faster as Sony 's Memorystick .
So , if you like gadgets , the projector in the pj30 is a novelty but the quality is not yet what it should be .
Maybe this link is helpfull for you :
http://camcorder-reviews.net/sony /
I wish you much wisdom in choosing the most suitable camcorder for you .
Regards , Lance .
I want to start off by saying Sony HDR - CX560V High Definition Handycam Camcorder is an excellent camcorder .
I absolutely love the video and audio quality that is produced .
The setup is pretty straight forward but I find myself referring to the manual when I want to do special things like change the scene .
It 's supposed to do this automatically but I have yet to see my device change its setting from default automatically .
The software guys did an excellent job with separating out all of the different functions .
You can almost get away without ever using the user manual if you just want to do simple things .
I am also very impressed with the Optical steadyshot feature .
If you 're going to be walking around or recording a live sporting game then this is a must have feature .
download wikipedia for offline use ?
i wan na to download latest update of wikipedia and also how to run it offline Lung is correct its alredy downloaded in wikipedia u can add some important ones in your documents or files You can not download all of wiki , but you could save individual pages for use offline .
u cant download that page but u can save that page Looking for consultants for roof top farming in urban mumbai / india ?
Please search for horticulture 's department in Thane as a district HQ.There you will get the similar information of your requirement .
Is NASCAR exciting because it 's statistically impossible to ALWAYS execute a left turn without incident ?
Is this another lame attempt to poke fun at the sport ?
I wish you guys knew how stupid you sound to us that actually know something .
Bored ?
Get a hobby .
If that 's what you need to believe , sure .
Two points please .
where do you get the following items in Mumbai in wholesale ?
I want to know where can i get the following items at wholesale rates in mumbai Necklaces Teenagers jewelry Tshirts Rings Footwear clothes Fancy Pendants Bracelets Anklets Bags Hair accessories Please help me .
Kulin jewellers 60 - A , 2nd Bhoiwada , Bhuleshwar Mumbai , Maharashtra 400002 09821063523 You will need to go to the slums .
It is not easy to strike a good bargain .
I have been into the slums over 14 years back .
However , I am not confident now .
My email is jk_josephmail@yahoo.co.in
Actually , Bombay will still be expensive .
Consider sourcing from a manufacturer out of Bombay .
However , taxes will kill your margin unless you have it all planned very well .
Do I modify the brightness and contrast of the video image with DVD to IPad Video Converter ? ? ? ?
/ ?
Hi Beautiful , ( at least , I hope so : )
If you mean `` how to '' , Im afraid that is n't possible in a video converter .
What you need is a video editor , like Windows Moviemaker .
It comes free with Windows , for Windows 7 you have to download `` Windows Live Essentials '' :
http://explore.live.com/windows-live-essentials
So , you can now enhance your video in Moviemaker and then save it as any file format you like .
Then import it in `` DVD to i - pad converter and convert to i - pad format .
Greetings , Lance What is the anime show Pretty Cure about ?
I found it on Hulu and I havent watched it yet but I wanted to know wat its about and if its in English .
Thanks It 's about a pretty cure .
It was set in the 17th century , back when the Black Plague devastated Europe .
does anyone know of a good country song which would be great as a wedding song ?
i 'm not the biggest country fan but i need to find some wedding song anyway for someone else , so please help me out if you can Crazy Girl - Eli Young Band man of contest sorrow `` I Love You Because '' - Jim Reeves
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6Vpdq6HKYs
Edit :
I just remembered a You Tube video I saw last week of a wedding in Wisconsin with the bride and groom singing .
This is just the sweetest video and is something you might consider :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwR2vK-l2C8&feature=feedlik HORSE RIDING :
Are you allowed to put a velvet helmet cover over your schooling helmet for shows ?
Instead of buying many helmets can you convert the schooling helmet into a show one ?
Of course .
I 've done that lots of times with my helmet - I even keep a set of black helmet covers around for that reason .
They 're much cheaper than buying a show helmet , that 's for sure .
Yes , I 'm sure it 's fine to do that in the UK as well .
For some great Christmas gift ideas for horse lovers please visit http://www.horseracingcollectables.com Have a good day :-)
Im looking for htc phones ?
I sell phones anybody knows where I can get HTC EVO for cheap because I want to buy a bunch
ebay of course check the link below . .
hope it helps . .
http://www.amazon.com/gp/search/ref=as_li_qf_sp_sr_il_tl?ie=UTF8&keywords=HTC 0.000000E +00VO & tag = cheonlsto - 20 & index = aps&linkCode = as2&camp = 1789 & creative = 9325 there is many providers better than ebay because they are cheaper .
Of course , you have to watch out because you can get scammed .
So , google and be careful : ) Mcdonalds orientation ?
I got hired within 2 days of handing in an application & I have orientation .
He said I will start on the Monday after the my orientation .
Will i be getting paid if I start monday or is that just training ?
Also what will I be doing at orientation oooohhhh ... when i saw your question i thought you meant to ask if ronald mcdonald is gay or straight .
LoL .
then i read the additional detail , that 's when i slapped my forehead ... i was gon na answer that he might be leaning towards being a transvestite , with that thick make - up & all ...
LoL , sorry for the confusion ... u will get paid from the day u join the company .
orientation means an introduction to the company - its policies , rules , regulations , etc When i worked at mcdonalds you got paid to go to oritentation .
Its just to get your uniform and to give you a better insight on your new job .
I wish you luck with your new job !
CONGRATS !
Would there be another Lewis Hamilton - Felipe Massa crash spectacle ?
Bitter rivals dating back to the 2008 season .
You 've hit the nail on the head .
My opinion is that after 2008 , they no longer want to surrender a position to each other for a moment on track .
Unfortunately , they keep finding themselves next to each other on track .
I think it 's interesting to note that they never think of the long term - any oppurtunity , they go for , and then try to back out .
( Some of the incidents have been quite half - hearted overtakes in my opinion . )
Back to the whole long term thing .
There 's always an oppurtunity to try the undercut , or use the DRS zone - and whilst I 'd rather see old fashioned , wheel to wheel racing , I think they could use the resources available to them rather than pouncing on any small error .
The problem is that neither wants to stare at the gearbox of the other for a second longer than they can help it , which is why they seem to have these incidents in narrow , single file corners - such as India Turn 5 and Monaco Lowes Hairpin .
( Speaking of which - ca n't any of these new tracks give their corners names ? ? ? ? )
So yes .
There will be another incident .
It 's inevitable .
If Hamilton ends up behind Massa at some point , then yes probably .
I 'm sure you may of heard of Ayrton Senna and Alain Prosts end of season crashes in 1989/90 , but they were both up for world championships , both Hamilton and Massa have at times , been embarrassed by their team mates this year , they should be ashamed of them selves .
On a personal note , Massa is no longer worthy of a place in F1 , his confidence has been rock bottom since the Nurburgring team order last year and his raw pace has never fully re appeared since the end of the 2008 season .
Hamilton has been spoiled at McLaren and needs a serious reality check if he 's ever going to win another title , with his raw pace , he should be beating Button .
Was the punishment Nascar gave Kyle Busch enough ?
At this point I do n't think so !
The guitar thing at Nashville was bad , that speeding ticket he got earlier in the season was worse , and Friday night his actions showed that he has no regard for other drivers safety .
I 've always been a fan of his , but I do n't agree with all that he does .
I think Nascar should have set him out for the rest of the season and forced him to take anger management therapy with a report from the Doctor giving the therapy going back to Nascar .
I remember Tony Stewart going to anger management therapy and not talking to the press for awhile years ago and it seemed to have an effect on his overall attitude !
At least you 're a KB fan that has some sense instead of the KB fan that would stand behind him no matter what he does so I respect you for that .
I would be the same way if JR did something stupid , also Kevin Harvick , Brad Keselowski and Tony Stewart are all my secondary drivers and all of them have done things I sometimes do n't agree with .
Kyle just does it too often .
Ron hit that wall so hard his shoulder popped out of place , at least that 's what I was told .
I 'm all for equal payback , but not plowing into the back of something under caution until they wreck .
I mean it would have been no big deal for Kyle to go up to Ron during the caution and bump into Ron either on his bumper or door .
Kind of like what he did to Joey Coulter earlier in the year , just not as hard .
The only respect I have for Kyle is his amazing driving ability , he can drive and win in anything .
I just ca n't stand his attitude and mentality .
I like how he 's aggressive , but you can be aggressive and smart about it at the same time .
He also has he mentality that it 's ok for him to do something , but not ok for someone else .
He also thinks he 's the only one out there to win , they all are .
Does he not think Ron was out there trying to win ?
If you do watch it , Kyle basically squeezed Ron into the slow truck trying to use the slow truck as basically a pick .
So if Ron should have let off then Kyle could have let of and given Ron more room .
If he can straighten up his attitude he could win just as many or more championships in Cup as Jimmie and maybe even Petty and Dale Sr.
On Sunday when I was at my best friend 's house and we said the same thing as you basically .
I mean Joe made Tony go and honestly I think Kyle has done worse stuff than Tony used to do .
We said Joe should tell Kyle that either he can go get some help and Joe would help him with that or he 's out of JGR .
What Kyle needs to realize is that NASCAR or JGR does n't NEED Kyle , Kyle is the one that needs NASCAR and JGR .
Just like any job , anybody is replaceable .
As for if they punished him enough , I think they did enough for now , they were just late on it .
He 's done almost a handful of stupid things in Trucks this year alone let alone all year in all series ' and NASCAR basically either let him off easy or the punishment was as if it was to someone that 's not always making bad decisions .
Kyle is like that bad kid at school , you ca n't keep giving him the punishment that you 'd give to someone that messed up for the first time .
He has a record with NASCAR so he needs a stricter punishment which I think NASCAR did .
Kyle lost a lot of winnings from not racing Nationwide and Cup and of course the points .
When he put out the apology , I know it 's hard to not have it sound generic , but when he apologizes and then less than a month later does something else stupid then it tells me he does n't actually mean it .
As the old saying , actions speak louder than words , so he can say sorry all he wants , but it means nothing if he screws up again less than a month later .
I knew from the beginning that `` the new Kyle Busch '' was just Kyle pretending .
I knew he did n't actually change because you ca n't make a big mental change over a 3 months period ( off season ) .
I know I typed a lot and I 'm not bashing on Kyle .
If his attitude and mentality would change to what it needs to be then I would n't say anything bad about him .
Of course I 'm not saying he needs to change as a person because when he 's in a good mood he seems cool to be around , but he has mental problems and if he does n't get them fixed he 's either going to kill someone or get suspended from NASCAR for good .
If you notice the only bad things I say about him is about his attitude and mentality , I do n't go around saying he sucks and blah blah blah .
Hell for all we know , he could be bi-polar or something like that and not be diagnosed with anything .
Of course not .
He has yet to be tar and feathered , lynched , flogged , stoned to death , waterboarded or burned at the stake , I mean seriously ...
I thought it was somewhere between ok and slightly too much .
I 'd like to see some consistency with Nascar with this kind of thing and they 've proven they do n't care to come across as fair or consistent .
The guitar thing - This is immaterial .
Some thought it was in bad taste but it was n't something you take into account when calculating the correct penalty .
The speeding ticket - That was pretty stupid of him .
But several other drivers admitted to doing the same thing .
They just did n't get caught .
Anyway , I think the whole thing from Nascar was a publicity grab .
They knew sitting the sport 's least favorite driver out for the weekend would make huge headlines . .
and they were right .
They got ta be loving this .
I 'm no Kyle Busch fan , so at the end of the day , this is mostly a non story for me .
I 'm more interested in the championship fight .
culture question about Brazil ?
Im puerto rican , live in puerto rico and im planing on leaving soon .
i dont want to live in the states .
i was thinking Brazil .
do Brazilians get along with puerto ricans ?
i also want to know if women in brazil like puerto rican men ; ) dont want to be lonely while im there .
I 'll answer your question in order -
You do n't want to live in the states but yet you have no `` right '' to live in Brazil .
You would need to qualify for a visa to reside and work in Brazil .
Very hard to achieve if you do n't speak fluent Portuguese and have an advanced degree that is lacking in Brazil .
For example - a Cardiologist or Dermatologist .
Brazilians get along with everyone and depending on your Puerto Rican features , they may not be quite sure where you are from until you open your mouth .
You will then be a Gringo just like the rest of us .
Since there is not a large population of Puerto Ricans in Brazil , they will think you are from another Latin American country and if you speak Spanish to them , they 'll know for sure .
Being one of the most diverse countries on the planet , concentrate more on learning Portuguese and less on being Puerto Rican .
Women in Brazil like men who are 100 % themselves .
They do n't like fakes , they do n't like liars and they do n't like abusive men .
They could care less what island place you come from but if you 've got a couple bucks in your pocket and can take them to dinner and treat them like a lady , then you are that much ahead of Brazilian men .
Check your Latin macho BS at the door since if they wanted a guy that offers those qualities , they 'd have a Brazilian .
Brazilian are very receptive , so you dont have to worry , cuz we like ppl from other countries .
and about the ladies , i dont man , is up to you .
It 's up to you , we brazilians really like foreign people , and we do our best to make them feel comfortable ...
If you 're a nice guy , you 'll be very good treated here .
I never met a Puerto Rican , but i 've met a few hispanics , and they were very nice people .
About the women in Brazil ...
It 's complicated .
The tv shows us in a very bad way , but some brazilians are like that .
But if you want a GOOD woman , to date and maybe have a future , do n't be a sexist .
Treat her well , not like a slut ( thing that a lot of Brazilians men should learn ) .
Well , hope it helped .
And enjoy Brazil : ) I 'm looking for a photo printer ... ?
I 'm looking for a home photo printer that meets the following criteria :
Good quality prints Does n't use a ton of ink ( To where i would have to buy ink frequently ) Uses cheap ink cartridges
Please give me some suggestions and price ranges !
: ) I do n't know what your budget is but I use HP Designjet 130r .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/little_pooky/5902759786/in/photostream
It prints up to 24 inch wide .
Paper comes in roll - so it can be a long sheet ( it cuts it for you ) .
This is before I attached the stand on the bottom .
It 's so big it needs two persons to move http://www.flickr.com/photos/little_pooky/5745416038/in/photostream
It will of course take regular 8 1/5 x 11 papers in the tray ( and smaller too ) .
It prints nicely but I got the software to control it ( which unfortunately costs more than the printer ) .
See screen here http://www.flickr.com/photos/little_pooky/6208870627/sizes/l/in/photostream /
There is no such thing as `` cheap '' ink for something like that .
They make money this way .
However , this printer does n't use that much ink and I have n't gone through too many sets .
On the other hand , Kodak makes good printer with not - so - expensive ink replacement that you might want to look into .
http://store.kodak.com/store/ekconsus/en_US/list/All-in-One_Printers/categoryID.28889300 for tour home the best printer i suggest is the hp photosmart PRICE starting from 79.99 $ With an inket , you have to take into account the warranty and cost of ink .
The link at the end is an article with recommendations and links to online deals and coupons .
Here 's a synopsis :
The best printer deals online :
The Epson Artisan 810 refurb with 2 year warranty for $ 109 or a new 725 for $ 99 .
The deals change daily .
There may also be a 100ff code still valid .
The info is in the link at the end .
Best warranty in the industry , Epson will fedex a replacement and pick up the old one at their expense should you need it .
Over a year ago the refurb Artisan 800 was on sale ( almost the identical printer ) .
I and many friends bought it .
In a year only one ( out of at least a dozen ) had to be replaced and it took one day .
Not mine and I use it heavily .
The Artisans are heavy - duty wireless , scanner / Copier / printers , print to DVD , fast , great output .
The 800 series have fax , sheet feeders and optional duplexing .
Best of all , you can get ink for under 50 cents a cartridge .
You pay under 2.50 for reusable cartridges and then get $ 2 back for the empties .
Or you can buy refillables ( which is what Im using now ) and refill yourself for pennies .
The info on the printer and the link to the epson deals is updated constantly at http://ccs-digital.com/Best-printer-deals.asp Should I change violin teacher ?
I have been having this teacher for half a year now .
He plays in a local major orchestra , but he cursed about it .
I heard the F * * * word twice .
He also get very annoyed with the side exercises in the Suzuki book , called it `` such pain in the ... neck ! ''
We do n't use metronome , and when he said he was going to bring one , he forgot about it .
I wanted some help buying a violin , and he forgot about that too .
He said he has no method for teaching .
He complained a couple times that he does n't like to deal with people and would rather spend time with his dog .
He also complained about how lots of beginners left , one just stopped showing up which stressed him out , not making ends meet .
When a bow hair came loose , he bite it off ...
Too much rosin dust ?
Blew it off ...
I took 4 years of piano before , and so Suzuki book 1 did n't seem that difficult .
I rarely have any questions , but everytime he looked at me like I am crazy or wasting his time for not having questions .
Then he joked about not getting a Valentine 's card .
I happened to mention turtle , and he said reptile is a turn on for women .
Is n't that inappropriate for a teacher to say especially when he already has a girlfriend or am I over sensitive ?
I actually feel really bad about having to switch ...
This is my next option : http://www.istmadison.org/teacher_kiki_Lempp.htm
Any advice ?
acrazycomposer :
Actually , I do like him as a person and I understand .
But something just do n't seem right when I put him and my violin learning together .
My biggest problem is that I feel pressured as if I have to come up with tons of questions to direct the lessons , otherwise he wo n't teach much .
I feel so bad cause it is as if I was n't thinking about it enough .
I did almost left last month , but then he seem willing to co-operate .
And then there comes the sarcasm `` Since you paid me , I might as well tell you what mf is '' .
It 's almost like he meant I 'm wasting my time not asking questions .
But I have seen mf many many times !
And when I did ask , I get vague answers Do you know any groups for female teenagers In London ?
I want to join a group of teenagers ( preferably in west London ) to meet new people and also make a difference to my life .
The sort of group that means being surrounded my smart , ambitious people .
I want to go to a really good uni , but do not want to do pointless extra-curricular that I will not enjoy .
I think joining a group of people that i can debate with and generally grow with would be a good idea .
google it .
you want to something that only rich people do .
no poor scum .
like book discussing , talk shit about films .
painting pictures , else polo .
Can you answer a few questions about this monitor for me ( SAMSUNG S23A750D ) ?
I 'm considering getting a SAMSUNG S23A750D ( http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16824001475 ) and have a few questions .
Please bear with me as I 'm not very knowledgeable on displays .
Firstly , I 'd like to note that my computer is running 2 ATI Radeon HD 4800 ' s on crossfire .
1 ) I was n't quite clear about the ports on this monitor .
I believe it has an HDMI port and a display port .
Is it possible for me to have my computer and Xbox 360 plugged in at the same time ?
2 ) Is it possible to play Xbox 360 in 3D with this monitor ?
3 ) Is it possible to play PC games in 3D with this monitor and my current graphics cards ?
4 ) I 'm pretty sure I know the answer to this but correct me if I 'm wrong :
If I ca n't have both my Xbox 360 and PC connected at the same time , can I use a DVI - to - HDMI cable to connect my computer to the monitor .
Again , I 'm not quite sure what a DisplayPort is .
Thank you very much .
I know this is a long question but I really need to know these answers .
I greatly appreciate any effort and expertise .
Note :
My video cards do not have HDMI ports .
They have DVI .
its got all the different types of input .
How to be warm in the winter ?
PLEASE HELP .
must .
not .
freeze .
to .
death . ?
I live in a non-insulated , one room , tree house .
The winter is coming up , so how can I stay warm ?
I have three dogs to help me , and clothes / sleeping bags / blankets .
Any other tips ?
I 'd suggest getting some emergency heat blankets -- they 're super cheap ( about $ 1.50 each ) and will act as an insulator to your lovely tree house .
Do you have a basket to get your dogs up there ?
Hm . .
Anyway -- tack those heat blankets around your tree house and at the entrance , being sure to seal it up before bed .
It 'll help keep all of the body heat from the four of you from escaping .
Other than that , better start collecting blankets .
Good luck Make sure you have several squirrels to keep your nuts warm .
Move to a deep cave for the winter .
Do i need qualification to work in estate agent ?
Basic i have full driving licence , but what kind of qualification do i need to work in estate agent ?
Do i need business diploma , NVQ , food hygiene or any other qualification ?
Please let me know what kind of skills you need to have to work in estate agent ?
Thanks You do n't actually need any qualifications but if you wan na get a head start on other applicants then you could do NVQ levels 2 and 3 in Sale of Residential Property .
you do n't work in an estate agent , you work as an estate agent .
no you do n't need a qualification , just experience really .
and the bullsh * t factor .
and the ability to seem like you care .
so you need to be a salesman None if you have money .
What are the best kinds of capture cards that work on a mac ?
I want to get a capture card but i have a mac and i ca n't find one that will be good for my mac. Also , what is a good editing software that is really good for editing ?
Thanks If you are using an Apple Macintosh with a firewire port - MacMini , MacBook Pro , iMac , MacPro Tower then the Canopus ( Grass Valley ) firewire based ADVC55 or ADVC110 are good .
If you are using an Apple Macintosh with no firewire port - MacBook Air , some versions of MacBook - then Elgato has a USB based solution that works .
`` Really good '' video editing depends on your needs .
iMovie is good .
FinalCut Express is better ;
FinalCut Pro and Adobe Premiere are really good .
What is the difference between LCD , Plasma and LED TV .
Which one is more durable in 32 `` -- 42 '' range . ?
LCD ( liquid crystal display ) is what most screens use .
it uses a cold cathode florescent tube as a back lighting .
( like the long lights in a buildings ceiling ) it has good color and contrast for the price.LED ( light emitting diod ) is the improved version of LCD it uses lcd technology and hundreds of led lights running across the back of the tv.this improves the color , contrast and lifespan of the tv.it is also thinner lighter and uses less power .
plasma uses compressed gases between two Panel of glass .
plasma has good motion but can lose quality over time and can have screen burn in .
this is when a still image burn into the screen .
and it depend on what you mean by durable for that size you can get a led 32in or lcd .
for 42in you could get all 3 i would chose the led .
it wont overheat like a lcd or plasma and it wont burn in .
it also has the best picture quality.which ever 1 you buy you will have to take care of them the same dont let them over heat or stay on to long dont let them lean forward to much and keep dust off of them.if you do this they wont have any problems .
and when you plug it in let it set for a few minutes befor you turn the tv on LCD does n't have good black levels .
Even the darkest black looks like really dark gray instead .
Plasma is great , but it is better suited for darker rooms .
Too much light and you ca n't hardly see the picture .
LED is just an LCD with an LED backlight , which takes care of the black problem .
Go with LED .
they use different technology to make pictures and as far as whats more durable thats unknown since they are all newer technology .
LCD looks like it has been replaced by LED while Plasma is going strong in the Large Screen models , 55 `` + etc. . .
plasma screens do have ghosting effects due from screen burns .
so that may be something you might want to consider .
How to connect laptop as display of a desktop ?
i had a compaq 7550 monitor .
now its quite old and its colours are not shown correctly .
i also had a ibm thinkpad t42 .
its motherboard is out of order .
i want to use lcd of my laptop as monitor of my desktop .
can anybody help me .
any suggestion will be appreciated .
The connections on your laptop are OUTPUTS .
Which means you can not use your laptop as a monitor .
Sorry .
Only when it is input can you use it .
You can use a laptop as a monitor with the help of the software '' MaxiVista `` .
However , of course your laptop needs to function .
If it is broken , it is broken and does n't work .
Working laptops work .
Broken laptops do n't .
What do the different types of volleyballs mean ?
like whats the difference between MVA 290 , MVA 300 , MVA 310 , MVA 350 , MVA 123SL ... .
etc and what does it mean ?
Go to the mikasa website , then click products , then click indoor volleyball .
Along the right will be a list of volleyball grades in order of quality ...
Championship , premier , varsity , and then a seperate one called training .
EVERY ball they make including all the different MVA balls are listed there .
Put your mouse over the ball for a brief description or click it for a detailed description
Start Quote from Answer Member Cob * * * * * * * the 200 is the official game ball of international volleyball .
the 300 is basically the same ball , but there is slightly less indented grip on the ball compared to the 200 .
the 310 is the same quality ball as the other two , but there are no indents , it is a smooth ball .
the 330 is the same as the 310 , but with some added softness to it .
some people also use the 330 as an outdoor ball as well .
there is also a hierarchy in price the 200 being the most expensive and the 330 being the cheapest .
* * * * * * * End Quote from Answer member Cob
My suggestion is to choose a ball used in the competition you take part in and buy that ball .
If do n't do n't know , tell me how old you are , your sex , what level you play at now , and where you want to play in the near future and I will recommend you a ball So , if you are a college age male I would recommend the Molten Pro Touch .
Edit :
Not evey ball you mentioned is on the mikasa site and searching google I do n't even think an MVA290 exists sick October glory maple ?
it isnt red : ( ad the leaves are already falling off . its 2 years old , maybe three . but it varies from yellow to brown . it has spots or red on them . and also has sickining brown , black , and grey spots on the leaves . did i water it to much ? i planted it last year early fall .
what is wrong with my phone ! ?
i have an lg phoenix and its saying that my sd card is damaged .
but when i put it back in my old phone , the sd card is fine .
why is it saying that ?
i had my lg turned off for the night and when i turn it on , it said it was damaged .
i just put in a different sd card and it didnt say anything was damaged .
Might be the phone is damaged , not the card , and the card can not be seated properly .
You may need to get a new phone .
These phones are fragile and delicate and break very easily .
Your phone is a liar just like people , who can not admit their own mistakes and blame it on someone else .
The phone is blaming the card because it can not admit that it is it that is defective .
I would tell the phone to stop being such a liar and admit to its own problem .
If it did n't , I 'd smack it with a hammer .
I need the FRENCH script of the movies `` Mary Poppins '' and `` The Blues Brothers '' .
Thanks ! ?
They were n't made in French .
Dub scripts are not published - particularly in music question forums .
You might want to re-check the section you 're posting in , brother .
how to get broadband from another provider with a bt phone line ?
currently half way through a BT line rental contract and want to get broadband from another provider .
All bb providers seem to insist you get the line rental from them .
any help ? ?
No problem I can show you how to get Virgin media broadband without having to take any other services from them .
Get back to me by email and I do not work for virgin .
Plusnet.co.uk Zen.co.uk BE.co.uk eclipse AAISP O2
to think of 3 off the top of my head .
http://www.thinkbroadband.com/isp/compare.html - see this list and select 6 to compare .
( this is based in real users from this forum ... and many are tough to please ) eg http://www.thinkbroadband.com/isp/compare.html?commit=Compare&isp_4=1&isp_12=1&isp_14=1&isp_86=1&isp_77=1&isp_6=1
http://www.thinkbroadband.com/isp/compare.html?commit=Compare&isp_2=1&isp_4=1&isp_86=1&isp_21=1&isp_22=1&isp_6=1 - and if I put Sky and TalkTalk in ... not good But see how well rated AAISP and ZEN are ( like eclipse )
http://www.thinkbroadband.com/search/package/basic.html - see here to choose by price , length of contract , modem included etc.
signup here ( no need to publish your personal details unless you want to ) forums.thinkbroadband.com / threads.php and ask for more in their General forums . .
They may not be as cheap as the ' all in one ' such as talktalk , sky etc BUT they will be better !
Name of the music from NPR 's `` This American Life '' episode 279 ?
http://www.thisamericanlife.org/play_full.php?play=279
The piano piece that starts at about 56:00 The Call of Cthulhu It is not classical music - it is instrumental pop. What are some funny golf prizes ?
My coworkers and I are having a golf tournament tomorrow , but most of us do n't know how to golf .
We decided to give out prizes for the following :
Most Lost Golf Balls
Most Whiffs - this is when you swing and miss
Most Balls hit in the Water
Most Directionally Challenged
Please help me come up with funny prizes .
THANKS IN ADVANCE ! ! !
`` Worse Dressed '' - some golfers come thinking they are Payne Stewart and just end up looking like a Pain
`` Best Trash Talk Line '' - when golf buddies get together the trash talk starts .
I still laugh at some of the best one liners , usually after a bad shot .
`` Shortest Putt Missed '' - Speaks for itself .
I am sure I can think of others .
I 'll edit after lunch if I come up with any .
Good Luck Lost balls - compass Most Whiffs - thick , heavy glasses Water - snorkel and mask Spent a lot of time in the sand - sun tan lotion , or a bucket and shovel How would you handle this situation as a coach ?
I have a parent that became very upset after her daughter did not get to play in a softball game .
When the game was over , she was asked politely to give uniform back to team , because I ( the head coach ) paid for them out of my own pocket .
The mom gave a very nasty reply back .
Here is the problem .
I ordered pullover hoodies for the team , and this particular mom gave me $ 50 for them .
She has not returned the uniform , knows where I live , and is demanding that I meet her to give her the $ 50 in exchange for the uniform .
I have given her many options as in meeting a parent from the team and exchanging money and uniform , taking it to school and giving it to my daughter exchanging money and uniform , even coming by my house ( which has not worked bc she always gives me a time that I am not there ) .
I have received nasty texts , along with a bashing on facebook .
Her last text told me that she does n't NEED the money and that she has plenty of it , and that I could just keep it .
I want to return the money back to her in a certified letter because I do not trust her .
Does any one have a suggestion on how I should write the letter , or if I should just ignore her and go on with out returning the money since I have not received the jersey back .
I am really confused and would like to do the right thing .
Please help .
The $ 50 was for her and her husband to have a hoodie .
Is this melody and accomp or homophonic ?
This may sound stupid but i really can not figure it out .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DBfgZjcc5o from 1.10 - 1.29
Could it be homophonic , but with repeated chords , ( But then it 's not , because homophonic has the same rhythmic value )
Or is it just melody and accomp ?
The piano is purposely played like that , it is n't delay or echoe .
Thanks Homophony is when all the voices are moving in similar harmonic and rhythmic motion .
Melody and accompaniment is melodic line and a secondary line that supports the melody line .
This example is clearly melody and accompaniment .
note to previous answers : for music questions it is imperative to use a music dictionary as these terms have specialized meanings in music .
i would say its just a quite dissonant mel + acc Neither .
Homophonic :
Characterized by the movement of accompanying parts in the same rhythm as the melody .
Therefore the melody can be neither a homophone or an accomp , because both support the melody , and the melody can not support itself .
Additionally , a homophone IS an accomp , and your question is circular .
This question is either poorly worded or a shamless plug for Martin Grech .
Good song btw .
has anyone tried the Mactec NV - F Blue irons ?
What is your verdict ?
How can we help Global Hunger ?
How can we help Global Hunger ?
( The U.S. ) You would have to get rid of the corrupt leaders in developing countries first which is harder said than done .
If you could do that then stop wasting money on absolutely useless green energy projects .
Funnel that money to developing infrastructure and industrialization for the poorer countries so they can have clean drinking water and irrigation and better roads to travel on .
If you think industrialization is bad I would point out that industrialized countries have a much higher standard of living , live longer lives and have fewer children than developing ones .
Stop eating meat ... ... ... ... .
the grains that feed livestock can be used to feed hungry nations The land used to graze / house livestock can be used to grown food .
The World Food Bank id based on grains ... .
not meat .
I am not sure you can .
I just read a paper prepared for the Austrailian govt. and it shows some dire numbers for crops yeilds globally .
With population pressures and such , it looks like a large part of the world is goiing to get VERY hungry in the next couple of decades .
The link to the paper is currently not working so I can not go there and cut / paste the link for you .
However the paper is
Peak Oil and Climate Change - the Threat to Agriculture and Food Security by :
David Archibaldf Nuffield Conference , Perth 5th October , 2011
The links to food and food production begin on slide # 9 .
Projection based on 2009 food prices Year 2011 0ncrease in food prices 35 % Year 2012 0ncrease in food prices 45 % Year 2013 0ncrease in food prices 60 % Year 2014 0ncrease in food prices 75 %
Starting on slide # 18 he goes through agricultural production in several middle east nations vs their imports and consumption .
Slide 25 he begins to look at global numbers for food producitn vs. consumption .
( Production flatlines starting in 1996 . )
Slide 38 begins Currnet global produciton with projected possible increases in production .
Overall , the numbers are sobering at best .
Predctions of complete population colapse in multiple nations with a possible global famine starting in the next decade or two .
Famine not due to weather or such but based on global population and the worlds inability to produce enough food to support it .
EDIT :
Okay , the link works now .
http://www.davidarchibald.info/papers/Peak-Oil-and-Climate-Change.pdf How can I make my own violin ?
I have been marooned on an island near Indonesia where all I have is a laptop , solar panel to power it , and some basic tools .
I get cell signal here ( somehow ! )
so I can access the Internet .
Anyways , my question is that I 'd like to make a violin to play it and pass my time .
Any tips on what I can use for the string ?
How about making the actual body of it ?
I can chop wood here but how do I make it exactly the shape of a violin ?
Thanks .
You would need very excellent work shop skills to create a violin .
I suggest you watch videos by BLviolin on youtube .
Sorry if I could n't help :
P I only rent a violin from school .
If your marooned on an island go get help .
-- .
Well , if you are marooned you will have lots of time , and that 's what you will need if you do n't have the right tools .
I suppose you could sharpen a shell to scoop out the wood .
Seriously , you would need many very sharp woodworkers tools and a good sturdy bench .
Although I did make my first violin using the least amount of tools , it was not that great .
To get things all in the proper shape and thicknesses , you need proper patterns , forms and very accurate measuring devices .
To carve the wood you need chisels , gouges in at least 6 shapes , hand and finger planes down to 1/2 `` in length , knives , files .
You need to be able to make glue , which you could do from fish , unless you happen to have a goat on your island which would be great because then you could make strings from its intestines , not to mention have some meat .
Anyway , I think your time would be better spend making a boat to find yourself back to humanity unless you want to live on an island , but then you would n't be marooned .
uploading videos to my computer , but my computer does n't read the videos at all ?
Please can someone help me .
alright my camcorder can read all my video files when I view them on the cam but I tried uploading them and it says there are no files on the memory card .
: ( I do n't know what to do . has anyone else have this problem its super annoying Too bad you did not tell us what camcorder or computer ( and operating system ) you are using . No way to know for sure - but if you are using a
Windows based computer and your camcorder records MOV media files , then you can download a free QuickTime player from Apple .
Windows or Apple Macintosh computer and your camcorder records MTS or M2TS files , then download and install VLC player .
Windows based or Apple Macintosh computer and your camcorder records to miniDV tape , then using a USB cable wo n't allow the video to import from the tape .
You need to use a firewire connection .
Apple Macintosh computer and the camcorder records AVI files , then download and install Flip4Mac to playback the files in QuickTime - or use VLC player .
There could be other issues , but not knowing what you have makes it impossible to provide you useful specific information .
What is french food like at home ?
Is french food good ?
I want to live with a french host family while living in paris this summer but I dont know what they eat !
I know the italians have pasta but when I think of france the only food I know is pastries and baguettes .
What are dishes that I can expect living with a french host family ?
Ive been to a french resturant once but I know real french food at home is different.Also do they have macaroni and cheese thats my favorite food ever Exactly the same than everywhere else : everything depends on the family ...
For some families , food is nothing else that swallowing stuff so they buy junk food , heat it , swallow it .
Making dinner means nothing else than drive to the local fast food or opening the freezer and take a pizza box in it ...
For some other families , food is an Art. . .
all meals are perfectly prepared ...
Generally the French families which accept to receive foreign people are intelligent enough to at least be correct hosts ...
I hope they will prepare you some french meals ...
Do n't be afraid , we eat the same food ( beef , pork , potatoes , rice , pastas ) than other people around the world ... only the cooking method can change ... only very few French meals are special , and they are NOT popular at all in France ( snails , frogs ) and since a high majority of french people do n't like it , I ca n't imagine preparing them for guests ... good It all depends on the family .
You have families with nothing but steak and fries , others with more balance meals .
Usual meal is with vegetables and meat and if the cook has the time a salad to start the meal but we do have things like noodles and macaroni .
Mac and cheese is not a regular French meal though we do have it .
Memory Improvement Techniques course or workshop in Mumbai ?
Which is best the Memory Improvement Techniques course or workshop in Mumbai .
I think they r just good as the motivational workshops which r good for nothing and only best inside the 4 walls where they are given .
workshop in Mumbai i have an Insignia 42 `` Plasma HDTV / Model :
NS - 42P650A11 / to laptop . ?
i have an Insignia 42 '' Plasma HDTV / Model :
NS - 42P650A11 . .
ANYWAYS ... i am trying to set it up to connect my laptop to TV but i cant figure out how to display it onto the TV .
i have a VGA to HDMI cable and i have a VGA to RCA cable but i just cant figure out how to do it !
PLZ HELP !
Either option should work .
Remember that you will need to adjust your computer 's video card output settings to a compatible resolution .
We recommend beginning with 800x600 at 650 hz .
Once the desktop displays on your TV , you may adjust the setting to your preferences .
You can find detailed instructions for connecting your computer in the TV User Manual , downloadable at the included link .
I hope this helps .
Why is it called `` MLB The Show '' if it 's not a TV show ?
This has confused the crap out of me .
I thought it was a TV show and was really confused when my friend told me about it until I googled it .
Is there some significance to the phrase `` the show '' I 'm unaware of ?
It 's like calling a TV show about baseball `` MLB The Video Game . ''
It does n't make any sense !
Is it true that staples pays you for your empty ink cartridges ?
Somebody told me staples will give me $ 2 for every empty ink cartridge I give them so they can recycle it .
I get a lot of empty ink cartridges so it would be nice to know if I can take them there every now and again to get some cash .
IS this program true ?
Kind of .
They will give you $ 2 of store credit for each empty ink / toner cartridge that you bring in , up to $ 20 a month .
Not for cash , but a credit ... .
http://www.staples.com/sbd/cre/products/3dollar_inkrecycle / Staples used to do this anyway .
I brought in a couple during the summer ...
They probably still do check the website or call to be sure What show has outcasts in it ?
Im looking for a show that has an outcast in it not a movie a show .
I cant really think of any : ( help ? I 'd say Misfits counts . Bought a new perch for my cockatiel ? I bought a new perch for my cockatiel a week or so ago . I bought it to help with his nails . I set it up outside his cage so he could get use to it , but still wo n't go near it . Suggestions ? What uses more electricity , charging a computer or watching tv ? I was wondering what uses more electricity , charging your computer for an hour , or leaving your television on for an hour . Also , if you know how much electricity it uses , could you let me know too . Thanks Watching tv uses more power . It depends on the tv as to how much power it uses The TV will use more power . How much depends on the TV . Is it a 19 inch table top LED or a 65 inch wall - mounted plasma ? It could be anything from about 25 to 500 watts . Where can I get Dominos coupon codes ?
Right as I was typing found some on dominos - coupon - code.com
We get them weekly in the letter - box with all of the other junk mail .
Dominos coupons can be found online thru searching .
I usually find working ones on Yahoo search or Bing .
Just type in Dominos coupon codes or something ...
Also confirmed the above link has working codes .
Which tv should i buy ?
The tv has to be an led and has to have a screen size of 55 - 60 inches .
I would like them to be either sony or samsung .
I would like a tv with 3d capabilities and wifi connectivity .
Im trying to keep the price range between 2000 to 3700 thanks I bought this one 3 months ago and I LOVE IT !
http://www.bestbuy.com/site/Samsung+-+55%22+Class+/+LED+/+1080p+/+120Hz+/+3D+/+HDTV/2371074.p?id=1218323423957&skuId=2371074 Sony KDL55HX800 55 inch Full HD 240Hz LED 3D HDTV .
This 55 - inch BRAVIA HX800 Series HDTV ( model KDL55HX800 ) features advanced dynamic LED backlighting technology for incredibly high contrast levels , deep blacks and bright whites .
And get ready for a three - dimensional revolution in your living room with the HX800 's 3D capabilities .
I bought this one 3 months ago and I LOVE IT !
http://www.bestbuy.com/site/Samsung+-+55%22+Class+/+LED+/+1080p+/+120Hz+/+3D+/+HDTV/2371074.p?id=1218323423957&skuId=2371074 Ways to Live it Up ( : ? ! ? I want to live life up , knowing that I 'm living life to the fullest . I need ideas , suggestion , and tips on making everything last , and not to waste one single day ( : pleeeeeease help with your lovely comments Instead of spending your time on the computer , hang out with friends , or try to create something . Learn how to play an instrument , or , if you are n't musical , develop a hobby of painting , writing , or photography . Find the times that you spend not really doing anything ... and turn that into time where you are doing something awesome .
Take risks , and do stupid things that you would n't normally do .
Instead of worrying about what people might think , or what the consequences are , just do it .
Honestly ... what 's the worst that could happen ?
It is in trying new things that we discover the things we love :
D
Above all , do n't let the bad days get you down .
Everyone has days that just sort of suck .
Instead of focusing on the bad things about that day , try to find really happy things .
Good luck !
haha huhu hoho hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo what is helicopter fare from mumbai to shirdi ?
Around 50000 ... ... ... 900,000,000 Rupee Which is an example of a keystone species ?
a- sea otter b - sea urchin c - spotted owl d - snail darter e-condor A keystone species is a species that has a disproportionately large effect on its environment relative to its abundance .
Such species play a critical role in maintaining the structure of an ecological community , affecting many other organisms in an ecosystem and helping to determine the types and numbers of various other species in the community .
The role that a keystone species plays in its ecosystem is analogous to the role of a keystone in an arch. While the keystone is under the least pressure of any of the stones in an arch , the arch still collapses without it .
Similarly , an ecosystem may experience a dramatic shift if a keystone species is removed , even though that species was a small part of the ecosystem by measures of biomass or productivity .
It has become a very popular concept in conservation biology .
So , in my opinion the answer is sea otters , i.e , option ( a ) .
What is more energy efficient new windows or new furnace ?
depends .
windows can be fixed in the winter with stretch wrap storms windows from the inside .
if your old furnace is , say , only 55 0.000000e +00fficient ; a new 90plus efficient furnace will save money .
i , ve done both windows ( real ones ) and a furnace.my house is very snug .
new house That depends , how bad are your windows and how bad is your furnace ?
I would think windows .
hold your hand a few inches away from the window when its cold ( below 32F ) outside , if you can feel the cold you need new windows , What do you like of italy ?
Have you ever been in italy ?
and you came back there ?
I m not english so , Excuse me for my English !
: ) I love Italy so much !
I 'm actually half italian , and plan to live there when I am older , my dad works in italy , and used to live in lake Como and said it was beautiful I 'm doing Italian a-level soon , and I ca n't want to go there and speak for myself .
I really do love italy : ' 0 the food , the language , the landmarks , the people : ) Every time I go ( I 've been to Rome , Milan , Florence , Napole and Capri ) everyone says I look Italian !
( Brown curly hair , olive skin , big brown eyes ) Amo l'Italia !
E ' il mio paese preferito al mondo !
Yes , I have been to Italy .
I will never return to Italy .
The things I liked was the architecture , museums , castles , art and food .
The things I did n't like was the culture of thievery that exist .
Everyone from the train ticket sales man , train conductor , restaurant proprietor , to tour guide tried to steal from everyone .
No matter which town we were in , the people were trying to over charge or out right steal cameras , or other things from people .
Oh I love love love Italy and Italians and wish just wish I could visit .
I 've never been there but even though , I have met many Italians .
Indeed , my new neighbour who is quickly becoming a great friend is Italian .
I am Lebanese and back home in Lebanon , we have many Italians .
I love Italian food , Italian oldies , Italian football too .
what happened to Robert Shumann 's hand ?
Although the majority of scholars believe he injured it in the manner that delicious manager said , I personally am not convinced and would like to give you contrary information so you can decide for yourself .
One thing my history professor has taught me is to be skeptical about things like this .
http://www.ericsams.org/sams_schumannhand.pdf He tried to increase his hand 's span with stretching devices .
This caused irreparable damage to his hand and ended his playing career .
A lesson to everyone , I think !
As you can tell from the previous answers , this is a contentious subject .
It is generally accepted that Schumann was frustrated by the lack of power and controllability of the fourth ( ring ) finger .
The physiology of that finger is compromised in human anatomy such as to make it weak ( from a piano playing standpoint ) and difficult to achieve independence of motion .
Schumann was believed to have used a device to fix this deficiency , which actually caused damage to his hand and led to compromise of his playing ability .
Windsor the hour headset standard ?
If you look at the specs , ( its on google ) is it an integrated headset or standard ?
I founandn integrates carbon fork and was wondering if I can use it .
Thanks ! !
You should realize that there is no such thing as a standard headset .
Headsets are either threaded or threadless , and there are several sizes ( 1 `` , 1 - 1/8 '' , 1 - 1/4 `` ) that are still in use .
This size refers to the outer diameter of the fork steerer tube .
The Hour uses a 1 - 1/8 `` threadless headset .
So , you will need a 1 - 1/8 '' threadless fork .
Now , there are some variations in threadless headset designs , though this wo n't have any affect on fork replacement .
For the sake of explanation , the threadless headset types are :
1 .
External - these have cups that are pressed into the headtube in the same manner as threaded headset cups , with the bearings positioned outside of the headtube .
These are becoming rare on factory bikes .
2 .
Internal - these have bearing races that are pressed into the headtube as well , but the bearings are positioned inside the headtube .
These have a `` sleeker '' look than external cups .
3 .
Integrated - these are gradually replacing the other types on complete factory bikes .
While the previous two can use technically use either loose , caged or sealed cartridge bearings , integrated headsets can only use cartridge bearings .
The reason is that there is no race ( or cup ) pressed into the headset .
Rather , the headset is milled internally to be exactly compatible with a specific model of bearing cartridge .
Integrated headsets are the simplest to install , lightest in weight , and cheapest to manufacture of all headsets .
Thus , the reasons for their increasing popularity .
As for your replacement fork , be certain that the steerer tube is sufficiently long ; you will cut to length .
You 'll need to pull the crown race off your current fork and press it onto the replacement fork .
Plan on having a shop do this .
Try to get a fork that matches as closely to your current fork in terms of rake and axle - to - crown distance .
While your bike should lose a bit of weight up front , you 'll be giving up the toughness of a steel fork , and even a small crash can leave you doubtful about the continued use of your carbon fork .
Which PC monitor do I choose ?
Computer specialists help please ! ?
Hi ,
I am looking for a good 27 inch full HD PC monitor .
The monitors have basically the same specs ( 27 inch , 300 cd / m² , 1920x1080 , ... ) except the first one has different response time and contrast ratio .
- Samsung P2770FH ( 1 ms and 70 000:1 ( 1 000:1 ) ) - Samsung S27A550H ( 2 ms and 1 000:1 )
requests :
- 27 inch - Full HD - Budget max € 380 ( $ 524 )
Please help me decide the best PC monitor for gaming ( The sims 3 + all expansions , The sims 2 and Tomb Raider ) and video editing ( Sony Vegas , Particle Illusion , Pinnacle , Nero , ... ) .
You can also recommend another monitor ( Samsung , HP , Dell , LG , Acer ... ) as long as it is a 27 inch with full HD .
Thanks in advance .
Saskia I recently upgraded my 22 `` to a 27 '' The model I got was the Iiyama Prolite E2773HDS http://www.yoyotech.co.uk/item-detail.php?products_id=4375231 It is awesome .
Perfect for super fast gaming and videos .
Here are some selling points : 1 ms Response Time 1200:1 / 5,000,000:1 contrast ( LED backlit , thats not a mistake it does say 5 million : one ) Full HD 1080p 1920x1080 Ports :
HDMI , DVI , D - Sub .
And for the most important bit , you can probably get it for less than either of those Samsungs .
( I paid 227 ) Get one .
Highly recommended .
- Samsung P2770FH will be awesom ... !
perfectly designed ... .
n really worth : ) Without looking at the full technical specs , for just what you list here , the monitors are virtually the same .
Maybe check to see what connectors each has and if they are the same on both and what you need .
When looking at contrast ratio , be careful to not confuse dynamic contrast with the actual static contrast .
It looks like both has a real contrast ration of 1,000:1 .
The other inflated number is called a dynamic ratio .
It looks really impressive because the number is so big , but it 's a simulated contrast .
Marketing people sometimes display only the dynamic ratio to make it look impressive , but you always want to look at the real ratio , which is the same for both monitors .
If the dynamic contrast is different for the 2 monitors , it means that the programming is better in one that creates the illusion of a better contrast .
And that 1 ms response time difference is not going to make a difference that your eyes can tell .
`` HD '' is another marketing term that gets people hyped up .
It just refers to the resolution of the display .
For a 27 `` monitor , a 1920x1080 resolution is considered '' HD `` .
Monitors are one of those things you ca n't buy on specs alone because specs are evaluated at optimum conditions .
The best evaluation is if you can see the monitor 's display and compare them side by side .
Go to your local best buy or any electronic store and see if they have these models on display and look at the actual screen to see how comfortable your eyes are with them .
Walk from one end of the display to the other end to see if there is a difference in the viewing angle .
For example , a monitor with a narrow view angle means you only get the best display by standing directly in front of it .
If you are standing a little to the side , the display gets darker , duller , or blurrier .
Restaurant suggestions for the long island area ?
Looking for a good restaurant on long island for a first date . .
Any suggestions especially for the Nassau area would be great :
D thanks !
Rockville Centre is definitely the place to go .
Tons of great restaurants of all kinds .
My favorites are Dodici , Blue Moon , Chadwick 's , and Jani .
If you just drive up and down the blocks you 'll definitely find something because there are about 30 restaurants and they are all very nice The culinary institute of america in hyde park has four restaurants with fanciness that ranges from coat and tie to jeans and tee - shirts .
All of them would be amazing .
Samsung S630 Digital cameria batteries ?
Hello I just bought a Samsung S630 digital camera 6 MP and I bought brand new alkline batteries and the batteries die 2 minutes after the camera has been on .
Please help .
In season 7 of West Wing , who wins the election ?
I 'm watching West Wing with my dad .
He says Vinnick wins but I think he 's lying .
I think Santos wins .
Am I right ? ? ? ? ?
yes , Matt Santos wins .
however it was revealed that it originally Vinnick was suppose to win the election .
however with the death of John Spencer , who played Santos 's VP candidate Leo McGary , they felt that it would be to sad if Santos lost both the presidency and his Veep .
so the plot changed to allow Santos to win .
Who is the actress who plays the college student in the FreeCreditReport.com commercial ?
In this commercial , she plays a college student whose parents pay an unexpected visit while she runs up a bill on their credit card .
Does anyone know who she is ?
Should I fix or replace my white screen - computer monitor ?
I 've had this problem for about three months now : my computer monitor comes up white whenever I first turn it on .
I have to turn it on & off several times - sometimes up to 5 minutes - before it comes back to normal .
It 's a few years old , so I should n't be surprised if it 's having problems now , but I 'm wondering if I should have it replaced or just fixed before it might become permanently white ?
( I 'm a little scarce on money right now , so that 's why I 'm pussyfooting about it . )
If it 's a desktop computer it 's not worth fixing .
It would cost just as much to buy a new one .
If it 's a laptop , try checking ebay for an replacement LCD and find one that comes with the inverter and cables ( most of the time they do ) .
If you can find one relatively inexpensive it may be worth it to replace it yourself .
It 's not very hard to do , and Dell and HP have service manuals available on their website that show you how to disassemble and reassemble everything .
You can buy a brand new 19 `` monitor for $ 100 , a basic 23 '' monitor can be found for $ 150 and up ... you should be able to buy a used one for less .
Monitors are throw away items .
If you ca n't fix it yourself then it 's not worth having a professional touch it .
I 'm sure a pro would tell you to just buy a new one .
Decent monitors have a 3 years warranty .
Is he cheating on me ?
MSN chat log ?
I 've been with my boyfriend for a year .
In the past he 's chatted up another girl during a bad patch of the relationship via MSN and admitted it to me ...
I saw what was written and it was sickening .
At the the time , we were still together and not on a break ( but we were on a break soon after ! )
.
Recently , I was on his computer , downloading something that someone had emailed me .
He has Windows 7 and I went on `` Received Files '' as that 's where my downloads on `` Vista '' appear .
However , I saw it was his chat logs .
I wanted to know if he 'd been chatting to the girl again .
I did n't know her email and I did click on just a couple .
I came across one that I found was his `` best friend '' ( a girl ) .
The conversation was incredibly sexual , and they were on cam a lot .
I told him what I saw , and he denied it .
He told me that his account was hacked from another computer as his MSN says that when someone sigs in to his MSN it pops up .
He said that a computer signed in called `` HP007 '' signed on his computer .
I did n't tell him that that was my computer auto - signing in whenever I turned my laptop on from when he went on it and went on his msn .
I accepted that and asked why it was saved on his computer .
After all , it 's a private convo and if it was from a different computer , suurely it would n't be saved on his computer chat log ?
So my question is , is it possible for a conversation on the same MSN on another computer to be saved on his computer ?
Or is he lying and was he the one talking dirty to his `` best friend '' .
The two now are n't talking and he proved to me that his msn was un-installed and she was deleted and blocked from facebook and his phone
If you 're a computer and internet whizz , then that would be great .
I love him so much , but if it turns out that he 's lying , I do n't know what to do .
The chat log lasted about a month .
It started off sexual and got less sexual as conversation was sometimes about this boy that his friend likes - though he still had said on MSN that he wanted to see her `` bare on cam '' He is lieing plain and simple .
Windows Live stores all chat logs on the computer it 's being used on , and what he said happened ( it was hacked ) is not possible .
If he is telling this girl who is NOT his girlfriend he wants to see her `` bare '' he obviously has no respect for you or your relationship , I would just break it off completely with him .
You do n't know he could still be in contact with her .
Sorry - chat logs are stored on the computer itself , it has nothing to do with the MSN user .
If someone were to hack his account , those chat logs would only appear on the hacker 's computer , not his .
Your boyfriend is a liar !
Chats are only logged locally when the chatting is local .
He 's lying about that .
If he knew someone else knew his password , why would n't he doing something about it ?
Why wait until it has come to accusations ?
The timing also seems obviously more than coincidental .
Good luck ...
Why does n't McDonald 's sell hotdogs ?
I mean it s easy to make why not ?
McDonald 's are famous for burgers .
Hotdogs are a completely different market that would lose McDonald 's authenticity .
Plus , it would make the menu much more complicated and more staff would be required , more payments for stock , etc. Basically more spending would be needed .
Too expensive and because Wienerschnitzel has cornered that market Because the founder of McDonald 's Ray Kroc hated Hot Dogs and he prohibited the restaurants from selling them .
What do you like better for late night fast food ?
Taco Bell or Wendy `` s ?
What is your fave .
item ?
taco bell .
because who does n't love mexican food ? ! ! !
Wendy 's !
Nothing better than a chicken sandwich and a frosty :
P Wendys JBC medium rootbeer large fry
Taco Hell is congealed mouse shit that 's been mixed with cigarette ash Does anyone know how much Johnny rockets is in nassua at the atlantis island ?
We will be on a cruise and arrive in Nassua on a Thursday , we heard the water park excursion is too expesive and not worth the 200 a day per person .
We would like to go to Johnny Rockets , but it 's hard to justify paying for food when your on a cruise .
Any advice ?
First of all , the day pass , that includes more than just a water park only costs $ 100 or less .
Secondly , Johnny Rockets is one of the least expensive places on the Harbor Walk - maybe $ 15 - $ 20 each .
You pay for the view and location though JR is in the corner - not as nice as the other restaurants which face the water .
We ate in the center at the outdoor restaurant next to the band .
In front of us was a 20 million dollar yacht .
Spend a little extra and enjoy yourself - do n't go to a burger joint .
Eat local cuisine .
Have fun .
I do n't know . .
but when it comes to Johnny rocket 's smoke house burger ...
IT IS WORTH IT !
and do n't forget to order the boneless spicy chicken Here are some other alternatives you can try in Nassau .
Um. .
you are going to Nassau and the best you can do is want to know how much a CHAIN FAST FOOD HAMBURGER restaurant costs ?
Is there some reason you ca n't just go to GOOGLE and type in JOHNNY ROCKETS MENU then LOOK AT THE PRICES for yourself ?
While yu are at Marina Village , here are some other options
MURRAY 'S DELI MARINA VILLAGE NASSAU http://www.bahamas.com/vendor/1470/murrays-deli
CARMINES ITALIAN RESTAURANT marina village . .
Nassau http://www.bahamaslocal.com/showlisting/8/Carmines.html
note :
I think the best restaurant on Nassau is the MONTEGUE GARDENS .
They do n't have their own web site , but here is a listing and you can just do a GOOGLE SEARCH for MONTEGUE GARDENS in NASSAU for further informaiton . .
This is a real `` INSIDERS '' place to know about and to go tol http://www.travelmuse.com/pois/BS/23/dining/montagu-gardens who won the first olimpic games ?
The most gold medals won were 11 by the United States The most medals won OVERALL was by the host nation Greece with 46 Greece Hercules I think How do I print double sided in preview ?
I 'm trying to print an 18 page document on a Mac running Lion .
All I want to do is print this document and and have it be double sided .
I 've checked the `` Two - Sided '' box but when the come out page one is right side up but page two is upside down .
How do I fix this ?
SHould I get an iPod Touch or 3DS ?
I can either order a $ 100 iPod Touch off of Amazon.com or I can trade in a bunch of my games at Gamestop to knock the price off of a 3DS ...
I do n't know what to get .
I 've always kinda wanted both , but can only afford one now .
Any of you guys have both , and can tell me which is better ?
You should get the 3DS .
Because you can play music ( even with the system close ) .
You can LOWER the VOLUME of 3D so it does NOT give you headaches for the first time in your life ( if you 're the kind of person to ever get headaches from 3D , otherwise just turn the 3D all the way up ) .
And you can also turn the 3D OFF Completely .
And 3D is good for working out your eye muscles & brain to keep them in shape as shown in this link :
http://www.aoa.org/x17309.xml
So you can pay $ 169 for a Nintendo 3DS and buy the greatest Games ever & all in 3D Without the Glasses like Cave Story 3D and Kid Icarus and Super Mario 3D Land and Mario Kart 7 using the MOTION SENSORS to play the game like if you were turning a real wheel to turn the Kart left & right and also play such other 8 GB 3D Games like TheatRhytem Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts 3D and Crush 3D and Shinobi and Animal Crossing and Rodea the Sky Soldier and Michael Jackson : the Experience 3D and Ridge Racer 3D and Super Street Fighter 4 3D and Monster Hunter 4 and Golden Sun 4 and Star Fox 3D and Zelda 3D and Sonic Generations 3D and Tetris 3D and Resident Evil :
Revelations and Tekken 3D which also has the 3D Movie Tekken the Movie 3D in it to watch and also play other 8 GB 3D HD games as Spider Man 3D and 1000f the 3DS games are in HD 3D Without the Glasses .
Also , the screen is perfectly fine , in terms of resolution .
Anyway , it 's the pixel density that matters , not the actual number of pixels .
The 3DS pixel density is MUCH sharper than an average HD TV of , for example , 32 inches .
It 's perfectly fine .
Not everything has to be 1080p you know .
Since 1080p at 32 inches is worse than just 240p on the 3DS .
And they 're making Angry Birds 3D as a downloadable game .
And the 3DS has DLC ( Downloadable Content ) like Xbox Live for a bunch of 3DS games to add content to the game cartridge later on .
And 1 of the Free 3D Apps I have downloaded was Netflix .
And Netflix is getting 3D Movies in the next few months , so for $ 169 you can watch 3D movies on the free Netflix App on the 3DS in 3D Without the Glasses .
And 1000f the people who have said that they get headaches from 3D , have said that after up to 1 to 2 weeks of using the 3DS they NO LONGER get headaches anymore and that they now play with the 3D all the way up 100 % all the time , non-stop .
But I have never had any problem with the 3D at all , but each person has a different experience with the 3D ON during the first week .
And you can now pay to download Permanent 3D & 2D Videos on the 3DS .
And the 3DS is getting Hulu Plus before the end of this year ( 2011 ) as a Free downloadable App and Hulu already has 3D Content .
and you can check this Link below for more 3DS Games :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Nintendo_3DS_games
P.S .
You will want to check these sites out for the Web Browser 's 3D ability :
http://www.3ds-screenshot.com /
http://gamecrunch.co/3dscreens /
http://3dporch.com /
http://www.klutz.com/static/nintendo/n3ds_mm9.html
http://www.instructables.com/3ds /
And the 3DS is getting a Wi - Fi Update this MONTH to RECORD 3D Videos and upload it to YouTube and all of this in the 3DS this Month by hooking your 3DS up to a Wireless Internet Connection like Wi - Fi or your own Home Internet or the Library and so fort during this Month as shown in this Link .
http://nintendo3dsblog.com/3d-video-recording-allows-you-to-record-for-10-minutes-has-support-for-youtube i only have the ipod , but ive spent a few hours using most of the stuff on the 3ds .
I have to say , you should only get the 3ds if you really really like nintendo games .
Because everything else the 3ds does is better on an ipod touch .
browser touch screen resolution ( 960 x 640 vs 800 x 240 ) speed apps that are n't games game prices thinness social apps graphics ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDLRSmv9rk4 ) music player video
all way better on the ipod .
the only thing the 3ds is better for is those exclusive nintendo games and other really deep exclusives , like resident evil , mario , and zelda .
So if you really like those kinds of games , buy the 3ds .
But if you 're looking for the best all around device , ipod touch .
how do i download music off of myspace ?
my friend has music on myspace hes not sighned to a label or nothing so its not really stealing music or what not but how can i download his tracks to my computer ?
i know with the new myspace layout the way i did it before dosnt work does anyone know a way to do this ?
Myspace still exists ? ? ? ? ?
Um i dont know ... ... .
Where can I watch normal live tv online ?
How do you sleep with your eyes open ?
You ca n't really sleep with your eyes open by choice .
Although there are some people that seem to have their eyes open when they are sleeping .
But it is natural .
its natural ! !
You cant control that movement as your body is under involutary action ( sleep ) ... ... what do italians think of this ?
will people be nice to me ?
http://www.flickr.com/photos/68817335@N02/6325514887 / that this person is fat Why ?
what should they think ?
They will be polite and courteous to you like they would to any other visitor .
If you are a tourist people will be nice what is the import cost ( per ton ) of pistachios in India ?
What would be the cost of pistachios when it is imported to India , wanted to know the its landed cost ( per kg / per ton ) and what margins do the companies charge to customers Microsoft Messenger ( for Mac ) wo n't let me add contacts ?
First they tried to add me and I never got an invitation or anything .
Then I tried adding him and the `` add a contact '' page freezes up .
This has been going on for a while now , what gives ?
I 'm using the newest version .
are there any strip clubs in atlanta where you 18 + ?
my birthday coming around and I 'm just looking to chill at a strip club Magic City downtown Changing things on my account ?
Password alternate email Which account ?
How can you purchase reward flying miles ?
We are planning on flying to Italy next spring and I heard rather than pay full fare for plane tickets , you can buy other persons flying miles .
How ?
LOL .
probably , but if you do the research you will see you will end up paying more than if you just buy the ticket .
Since you do n't say from where you are flying to Italy .
I 'm going to assume the US .
To do reward travel , you 'll need at least 100,000 miles per person .
So unless the person is selling the miles for less than a $ .01 per mile your better just buying the ticket .
There are alot of sites , like this one :
http://www.frequentflyerpoints.com /
Personally I 've looked at both buying and selling points and it does n't make sense .
The best price for flights is shop through the internet and pay cash .
The best value for points is to save them until you have enough and then use them .
Buying miles ends up costing more than just buying the ticket .
The only reason to buy a few miles is when you are maybe 1000 miles or less away from a reward flight .
would like advise about active peakers for new flat screen tv ?
having a hearing problem i would like to improve sound especially speech clarity when using a sony32 `` flat screen tv.I have been shopping around and receiving varied suggestions and prices , I do n't want a large expensive unit and thought a pair of active speakers would suit .
If youre in Europe you just need a small adapter that plugs into the tv SCART socket .
this has three sockets yellow white and red .
connect the red and white to your amplifier .
You need the typeof SCART adapter with a switch so that you can select OUTPUT .
Most cheap unswitched adapters are only for INPUT .
If using a a US Tv make sure the tv has AV outputs .
Many sets only have inputs .
How do you enthuse a student to play pieces / songs ?
How can a teacher enthuse a student about repertoire for which he / she shows little natural affinity ?
Anna sodie , you dont have to write sth if you dont know what to write , just leave it on its own !
... find something THEY want to play ... do n't be rigid in what they play ... and find exercises that aid in playing that piece that THEY picked ... ... ... . .
it works !
Places in Southern Italy ?
Me and my friends are planning to go on a trip to southern Italy this summer .
We will be 17 then and we want to go somewhere that has culture and historical places to visit for sightseeing , but to also be modern enough so we can do some decent shopping , and experience the nightlife .
Similar to Rome , but we decided to stay away from Rome since we 've all been there and it will be flooded with tourists .
Any suggestions ?
Salento - the heel of the boot .
Wonderful see / landscapes , small ancient towns as well as bigger cities where you can find shops , places to hang out etc. It 's a well known area for its nightlife , Gallipoli for example attracts loads of young tourists in summer .
Otranto , Gallipoli , Capri this is best places in southern italy with good nightlife and very good sea , I 'm italian What martial arts did Bryan Mills use in the movie Taken ?
Was it some kind of Krav Maga or was it just hollywood choreography ?
Former SAS ( Special Air Services ) soldier Mick Gould trained Liam Neeson ( Bryan Mills ) in combat and weapons handling .
The actual martial arts used is Nagasu Do , a hybridization of Judo , Aikido , and Ju Jitsu .
http://www.mickgould.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=102:welcome-to-mick-goulds-nagasu-do-combat-arts-association-website eskrima Another mixed martial art of Judo , Karate , Aikido .
Yaktrax question ice shoe grips ?
Anyone got these attachable yaktrax ? ?
i want to know if they work ok and do they wear away on pavements if no ice The rubber does wear away and eventually break .
we should protect our wildlife ?
yes thats one of the jobs God gave us Yes , I already know that , so what now Kartik , what now ?
A question mark at the end of a statement does not make it a question ... .
perhaps the question is `` Should we pursue an education '' ?
Seeon.tv down any news on when will the website be back online ?
It used to have cartoon network live stream and about a week ago it just stopped existing : ( Any other service out there that allows streaming of cartoon network ? Please write only those service that allow cartoon network . Try fomny.com You might want to check out jingletv.co.nr has tons of free cartoon channels what are some girl country singers and songs ? i < 3 country music , and i just want to hear ur favorite songs , made from girl singers . and also ur favorite country band . Reba is my favorite . Ever . The top songs I 'd suggest checking out of hers are : Falling Out of Love Do n't Say Goodnight , Say Good Morning Muddy Mississippi State of Grace I 'd Rather Ride Around With You You Lie
^ ^ Those are like , my favorites .
Loretta and Dolly are also amazing !
Fist City by Loretta and Two Doors Down by Dolly are my current favorites songs by them .
It changes regularly .
Haha .
The Band Perry is my favorite band .
:
D The way Kimberly works a crowd is something that I really admire about her , and their sincere kindness and love for their fans really inspire me .
Plus , their music ai n't bad at all .
;
D Jason Aldean is the best by far , you should check him out ...
Girls :
Miranda Lambert Carrie Underwood Faith Hill ( old country ) LADY ANTEBELLUM Taylor Swift
My top 3 are def Lady Antebellum , Jason Aldean , and Eli Young Band Favorite female artist is Tanya Tucker , who started at age 13 .
Best known for the song ' Delta Dawn ' .
best full hd lcd tv 46 inches ?
Go for Sony Bravia ( EX720 ) or Samsung LCD TVs .
Make sure that you buy the edge lit LED TV as these consume less power and produce crisp and colourful picture .
The two big brands , Sony and Samsung are reliable .
Samsung has a 46 `` TV with smart hub , the product is UA46D5500RR , priced at Rs. 94,000 approx. Sony has 46EX720 , which is a good one .
But if you want 3D , there 's a 46 '' TV from Sony :
KDL - 46NX720 , It 's a good 3D and internet TV , with the Google TV software .
It costs about 1,24,000 .
Check it : http://www.sony.co.in/product/kdl-46nx720 .
Make wise choices !
: ) I was just googling and came across this Samsung LN46C630 46 - Inch 1080p 120 Hz LCD HDTV.The Samsung LCD C630 features 1080p picture quality that 's so lifelike , you have to see it to believe it .
A 120,000:1 Dynamic Contrast Ratio enhances the brilliant picture with vibrant whites and deep blacks .
And if action is your passion , you 'll never miss a piece of it with Samsung Auto Motion Plus 120Hz .
extended project , pleases and thankyous ?
at school im doing an extended project on what makes tv shows a success .
I will be looking at tv shows and their spinoffs .
Could you tell me if you watched :
M * A * S * H and / or it 's spinoffs AfterMASH , Trapper John , MD , W * A * L * T * E * R. Buffy the Vampire Slayer and / or Angel .
Friends and / or Joey .
Love , American style and / or Wait til your father gets home , happy days , Joanie loves Chachi , Laverne and Shirley , Mork and Mindy and out of the blue .
Could you also tell me your age and what country you watched them in .
Pleases and thankyous .
I 'd like to travel to Brazil , but I do not know where .
I need a place with waterfalls , mountains and lots of n ?
Brazil is a land of incredible natural ( assuming that 's what `` n '' stands for ) beauty and each of one us , that has any experience with Brazil , will give you our own opinions .
One of the best places I have ever been is Chapada dos Veadeiros in Goais .
The gateway towns are either Sao Jorge or Alto Paraiso .
If you speak Portuguese then this is a great website .
If not then look at the pictures and you 'll get an idea of what is on tap for a visit to this amazing natural place .
The four sections of the page are Onde Ficar ( Where to stay ) , Onde Comer ( where to eat ) , Onde Ir ( where to go ) and Saiba Mais ( want to know more ? )
.
http://www.chapada.com / google it !
I knew a wonderful city in Brazil .
the place is called Serra da Bocaina and is in Bananal , São Paulo .
I chose the `` Pousada da Terra '' Inn as accommodation
Fully isolated to 1,200 meters in a beautiful private forest reserve near the national park of Serra da Bocaina , Their `` pousada '' is a charming small inn , fully integrated with nature .
Explore their site to learn more about Serra da Bocaina , the comfort of their accommodations , the variety of walks and beautiful waterfalls .
http://www.pdterra.com.br `` Wireless radio not functioning . ''
?
I 've had a HP Photosmart C309a All - in - one for a while now .
I tried to connect it to my new laptop without a USB cable and I get the message `` Wireless radio not functioning . ''
The printer works fine and I downloaded the installation driver package online .
I just wish that I could use it wirelessly without the USB cable .
I called HP and they told me the printer was out of warranty an tried to sell me another printer over the phone with 2 sets of ink cartridges .
I do n't think that I should have to replace printers every 3 or 4 years though .
Anyone have any ideas ?
Printers go bad over time with wear and tear just like everything else . .
HP / Dell printers are the cheapest / poorly manufactured hunks of junks that you can buy for technology these days.You may need to replace the actual wireless component on the printer and in most cases its just cheaper to buy a new printer .
The Wireless Radios on which WiFi functions do n't live forever either .
AD What is the name of the classical piece used in this song ?
this is the link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEt__z2X-74 I 've really tried ro find it but no luck so far thank you Vision ( O Euchari In Leta Via ) by Hildegard von Bingen / Emily Van Evera / Sister Germaine Fritz / Richard Souther
from the album `` Vision :
The Music of Hildegard von Bingen '' How much would it cost to buy a small black - and - white TV and a VCR ?
About how much would it cost if I wanted to buy a tiny ( 15 - 20 `` ) black and white television set ( cable capability not neccesary ) that is compatable with a VCR ?
( what is the cost of the average VCR ? )
You can probably find both really cheap at a second - hand outlet like Goodwill Industries or the Salvation Army .
I 'd guess less than $ 50 to $ 99 for both .
i need some video help ?
i really want to make an animated music video , like take clips from the show episodes to put it together with a song , but i have no idea how to do that .
how can i physically take episode clips without copyright ?
if i need premission who do i contact and what do i say ?
( do i contact the company who makes the show ( how so ? ) or the person on youtube who has the videoes ? )
i dont want the sound i just want the video but i need some help please !
is there a limit to the amount of clips i can use ?
i am a 14 year old girl and i am stuck : / To be honest normally I 'd agree with Ed Fox but actually I know a way of doing just what you intend , this is called torrents , ( things for downloading big files , like the copyrighted video that you seek ) now first download BitTorrent , then go to the piratebay.org ( you will notice that in the name it says pirate , like pirate copys but as long as you mention its ( whoever it 's by ) and not yours , you 'll be fine , tons of people do this ) then type in the video that you want , if the pirate bay does n't have it search it on google if nothing comes up ( GET MAD ! )
nah jokes , somethings bound to come up , next you need a software ( an editing software ) where you can edit videos , do what you like with it !
Now this works and do n't worry your not the first to do something like this !
( and the piratebay.org is NOT dangerous ! )
Search up all of this or just simply ask me what you do n't understand !
: ) I realize you are only 14 , but the YouTube site was created for ordinary people to actually create videos - with their own images and their own sound .
No copyright issues at all .
The weird teen obsession with uploading copyright content brought a lot of problems for the three guys who started YouTube - endless hassle from copyright owners .
In the end they got so disheartened , they decided to simply give up - offer the site for sale and walk away .
To this day , teens are still uploading copyright content and that is why Google have commercialized the site so much .
YouTube are legally obliged to comply with the copyright owner 's wishes in respect of each video .
Your video may be deleted - or the audio muted .
There is nothing you can do .
Swap My Orange Patriot for RAM DHX good swap ?
I want to get more into downhill , and i currently own an Orange Patriot ' 07
Some guy wants to swap me his RAM DHX ' 07
Is this a good swap ?
Also , I do XC abit ... would a DH bike like this be half - suited to do so ?
If this article is right ... .
does that mean i 'll never be able to do the splits ?
- I 'm 14 JJ 's story in Criminal Minds ?
Okay , so , i saw an episode of Criminal Minds of Sky Living two weeks ago , and i instantly fell in love with Reid and i liked JJ as well .
Then , i watched an episode the weekend after , and JJ was n't in it .
I was asking my friend ( Who has seen every single episode ) what happened to JJ and she said that she was pregnant in the show and left ' to go and have the baby ' .
My friend said that this was at the beginning of Series 4 .
I then watched an episode today that i 'd recorded , and JJ was in it again , and that episode was in Series 5 .
i then watched a series 6 episode , and JJ failed to star in that .
Can you please tell me which of this information is true or tell me what actually happens to JJ ?
So :
Series 4 :
JJ leaves Series 5 :
JJ comes back Series 6 :
JJ 's gone again
Thanks for your help !
A quick `` JJ rundown '' by series number :
2 - When the team works a case in New Orleans , JJ meets New Orleans detective William LaMontagne .
They are mutually attracted and begin a long - distance relationship .
3 ( near the end ) - JJ discovers she is pregnant with Will 's child .
4 ( middle ) - JJ has the baby and goes on maternity leave .
For several episodes , she is replaced as media liaison by Agent Jordan Todd .
Later in the series , JJ returns to the team and Todd leaves .
( In real life , JJ 's actress A.J . Cook had a baby , and JJ 's absence was timed to accomodate Cook 's maternity leave . )
5 - JJ is with the team for the entire series ( and Will is shown as having moved to D.C. to be with her and their child ) , but there are some behind - the - scenes rumblings that she is being pressured to take a position elsewhere .
6 - JJ leaves the team for a position in the State Department ( she is basically forced to ) , but makes a few guest appearances ( she is listed as a recurring character for almost all of series 6 ) .
7 - JJ returns to the team full - time , along with Prentiss , who left midway through series 6 .
Prentiss 's story is a completely different can of worms !
Last season , JJ left as the show was cutting back on its budgets .
I wo n't spoil how they made her left for you on the show , but financial concerns was why she was n't on it in real life .
I think the producers got a lot of backlash on the show , so they have her back on for the current season .
JJ was offered a job in the DOD and she accepted but came back when Prentiss supposedly `` died '' .
After Prentiss came back , she was here to stay .
Can you buy lululemon at Pacific Mall ?
I was just wondering ifit is possible to buy any Lululemon at Pacific Mall in Markham .
If yes is there a unit number .
what is the current interest rate in Germany ?
What is the interest rate at German banks at the moment ? ?
any website I can look on ? ?
Hi .
It 's very , very low .
When it comes to savings , for instance , a `` great '' deal these days is finding a place that might give you 2 percent long - term .
You might try looking at the Deutsche Bank ( English link ) : http://www.deutsche-bank.de/index_e.htm .
Good luck .
Can i get other visa or citezenship If i marry Australian girl while i 'm on holiday visa in Australia ?
Can i get other visa or citezenship If i marry Australian girl while i 'm on holiday visa in Australia ?
I 'm intrested about this , so please somebody who knows explain me the options.Thanks Why i will get sent home ?
Hahah and what makes you think that i do n't have Aussie girlfriend : ) Your thing says Kocani , which is in Macedonia am I right ?
I do n't see why Australian girls would n't marry a Macedonian .
In fact I know some who have .
If you 're Indian , African or Asian , Australian girls do n't want you - they do n't lower themselves to that level .
No. and if you try it 's a certainty you will get sent home .
... , I used to work in this field not with the Australians , but like us they have implemented investigations , as some marriages were bogus .
Also , not sure if the Australian authorities do it , but certain nationalities raise a red flag on the computer , which makes us automatically suspect , and we pass the file onto the field officers .
It 's not worth it , do it properly .
Will this computer spec work together ?
AMD Phenom
x4 980 - ( 3.70 , 8mb cache )
Corsair CMPSU - 750TXUK - 750 watt
ASUS 1155 Sabertooth P67 3.0 S / L
Nvidia GTX 460ti overclocked version
Corsair CMZ8GX3M2A1600C9 8GB 1600MHz CL9 DDR3 Vengeance Memory Two Module Kit
COOLER MASTER RC - 932 - KKN5 - GP HAF 932 Advanced MicroATX / ATX / E-ATX Full Tower Case ( Black ) - Coolermaster
Could you tell me if all is compatible , and if there are better alternatives , but in the same price range of these pieces .
And also will I be able to play bf3 on a 26 `` montior with good frame rates .
Any advice would be appreciated as this will be my first build .
Thankyou : ) Ok , so if it isnt compatible could you give me a link for a good motherboard to use for the amd processor listed thankyou : ) no the motherboard is unsupporting AMD the motherboard is Socket 1155 is LGA built for intel not AMD Is doing splits can make your thighs bigger ?
If is , what following stretches / exercise that can avoid it ?
What features would be essential to creating a Doctor Who steampunk cosplay for comicon ?
And fairly cheap ?
I have a new found love for Doctor Who and steampunk .
And I want to pull the two together for comicon next year .
I have goggles , a bowler hat , and imagination .
My money tree is not what it used to be ... so I 'm trying to not spend a boat load of money .
I have pin pointed some boots , and I can probably buy a sonic screwdriver ( 9 or 11 , while I am quite jealous of River 's sonic ) but as far as armour and such I am an infidel .
HELP !
While I love both Doctor Who and Steampunk , I do n't think putting the two genre 's together in a single costume works very well .
The Doctor 's costume is very distinct .
If you start adding and taking away from it , it stops looking like the Doctor .
Besides , the point of steampunk is a historical setting with advanced technology expressed through the technology of the age ... i.e. crazy gadgets working off of steam power .
The Doctor already has crazy gadgets , and why would he want steam powered ones ?
I have no idea why you 're asking about armour .
Steampunk is n't much about armour .
Just do Matt Smiths costume with the accessories you mentioned and have a sonic screwdriver .
I think Paul McGann ( 8th doctor from Doctor Who movie ) looked the most steampunk and his TARDIS did as well !
How do I put a persona / decoration / picture on my youtube channel ?
I just got a youtube account and want decor Well it 's quite simple really , if you are logged in , go to your channel and at the top of your page you will see a set of gray buttons near the top ( settings , modules , playlists e.t.c ) click on themes and colours and at the bottom of what comes up click on advanced settings ( it 's right there in white and blue ! )
scroll down to background image click and well , you 'll know it from there !
: ) what restaurant in miami serves the best chilli crab ?
What is Chili Crab ?
What is the coolest place in port washington new york 11050 ?
how to take portrait photos like this ?
background defocus ?
nikon d3000 ?
http://data.whicdn.com/images/11867053/blog-blogger-cute-dope-fashion-fashion-toast-Favim.com-102090_large.jpg?1310420290 with a nikon d3000 !
narrow depth of field
and a basic knowledge of cameras and lenses ...
Get close to the subject and use the widest aperture you have , a wide aperture lens ( 50mm f1.4 for instance ) exaggerates the effect .
Chris Its called shallow depth of field .
If all you have is the kit lens , then shoot at 55mm at the widest aperture ( f5.6 ) - that will give you the shallowest dof that lens is capable of .
Alternatively , get a 50mm f1.8 prime lens ( Nikon 's cheapest lens , around 100 ) .
You 'll need to manually focus it though on your D3000 .
need help with youtube copyright ?
I recently started uploading guitar covers , of which I use additional background music for drums and vocals etc. however I receive a small message next to my video saying stuff about copyright , and what I would like to know is abit more about youtube copyright as well how to avoid copyright claim and still use the background music .
The instrumental of the song is copyrighted so YT 's database is picking that up .
Unfortunately , covers of songs whether piano covers or guitar covers ARE considered copyright because again , the actual instrumental piece is owned by someone .
However , usually instrumental covers are not claimed very much compared to people using the full blown song .
There really is nothing you can do to take away that message - writing things in the description or giving credit , etc. .
is worthless .
You could write in the description box , `` no copyright intended '' , though stating that imho actually draws attention to your video , me thinks .
There are so many videos out there that unless you 're really popular , you may be okay .
But that 's n guarantee .
There are quite a couple of ways for youtube to not think that you are stealing / claiming copyrighted music , well a very good way and popular way is to say that the background music does not belong to you , youtube will see this while processing and see that do not wish to claim copyright , or another equally good way is to go to mention the artist or actually go to artists and tell who really does own the copyright , if you do not know how to do this ask google ( that guy knows everything ! )
or ask for advanced advice on that particular part of youtube aka copyrighted stuff !
: ) What are the best country songs of all times ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZ455QbuaDg&feature=related Jimmie Rodgers - Waiting For A Train - one of the first exhibits as you enter the Country Music Hall Of Fame in Nashville http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbzc77Tz6PA Mother Maybelle and the Carters - Keep It On The Sunny Side http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qEhj-rQSAU Jim Reeves - He 'll Have To Go http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpi8Bek6jdM Hank Williams , Sr - You 're Cheating Heart http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cS4LCoh0VGQ Jean Shepard - Dear John http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrWxIf50u5k Conway Twitty - Hello Darlin ' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Og1QRtcWdEY Tammy Wynette - I Do n't Wan na Play House http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXu9QDLL4Bo Loretta Lynn - Fist City http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgylOni0JSI Gene Watson - Farewell Party http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nh-62Vc45Ok I Agree with '' Tod m 's '' link .
He Stopped Loving Her Today - George Jones .
...
Oh , '' Sally B '' named some good songs also : ) What is a two handed sword or longest sword of the anamisst filipinos of visayan and luzon ?
the kampilan , kris and panabas doesnt count because theey wre used by the moros ( filipino muslims only ) You really should be asking this in a Filipino Martial arts Forum .
The chance of finding someone on YA who is knowledgeable about Ancient Filipino Culture and weapons is slim .
My knowledge on the subject is limited as it is .
Though they ca n't properly be called a two handed sword since they are wielded with one hand only , the longest blades from the Visayas that I know of are the Talibong and the Pinuti , with some blades as long as 20 inches .
These blades are usually used as utility tools for hunting and agriculture and not really meant for fighting .
if i have two screens how do the other one work ?
you need two video outputs .
Me fail english ?
Thats unpossible !
you need a video card with 2 outputs .
then you can activate the other display in the windows video settings . .
Bet u have no idea ... ... . ?
in what language is this lyric written ?
I understand it and i listen to it most of the time , it 's a rock band ...
I will translate a part of it fot u too , atleast tell me ur idea ; )
goftam ghame to daram ghofta ghamat sar aayad ( i said i 'm depressed becuase of u , u said it will end soon ) goftam ke maahe man sho , gofta agar bar aayad ( i said would u be my moon , u said if i could i would ) goftam ze mehr varzan rasme vafa biamooz , gofta ze khoob rooyan in kar kamtar aayad ( i said learn to be a nice one to me , u said this one is kinda impossible from beatiful ones ) , goftam ke bar khialat raahe nazar bebandam , gofta ke shab ra zoo az rahe digar ayam ( i said i will close my eyes on having ur dreams , u said if u do that i will come to ur dreams from another way ) goftam ghame to daram ghofta ghamat sar aayad ( i said i 'm depressed becuase of u , u said it will end soon )
so can u tell me ur idea ?
best idea 10 pnts or the one who knows the language 10 pnts Do I need to format my complete Hard Disk Drive after changing my motherboard ?
I have an Intel original DDR 2 motherboard .
I 'm planning to exchange it with a new Asus DDR 3 motherboard .
I 'm also going to increase my RAM from 2GB DDR 2 to 4 GB DDR 3 .
Also going to change my processor from Intel Core2Duo 2.4 GHz to Intel Core i3 2.93 GHz .
So , do I need to format my COMPLETE HARD DISK ? ? ?
I have no problem if I have to format only the C drive .
But , I want to know if I will have to erase all the data from the other Hard Disk Drives ( i.e. D : , E : and F : ) too .
That will cause a problem .
P. S. I 'm using Windows 7 .
Yes , you will have to format your hard drive and reinstall Windows , but you only need to format the C : \ drive .
The rest of your data should remain in tact .
You do n't need to format anything .
Just insert your Windows - CD when you boot the first time with the new mainboard and do a repair install to change the drivers .
That 's at least how it worked with XP .
no , you do n't need to reformat .
different motherboards need different drivers , though , so you might need to run the windows installer again and choose the `` repair '' option to load in the new drivers La Mode London - anyone else complained to Trading Standards ?
If you 're not happy with how they 've dealt with you or how your purchase was handled - complain .
Contact me .
the more people who raise the issue of their selling practices and outrageous claims , the better !
Guys !
Girls that ride motorcycles ?
Is that a plus or. . . ?
I 'm getting a pink motorcycle , would a guy say that 's whack and that they should be the one with the motorcycle ?
If your racing motocross then you wont be able to race because no one makes pink dirtbikes other than the china sh * t , which they wont let you race .
So ditch the pink bike , get a Kawasaki , Suzuki , Yamaha , KTM , or a honda .
Aslong as your not in the way and going super slow on the track and we 're having to swerve and mess up to miss you it would be fine .
I like to see a girl on a bike .
: ) Haha It really depends on what your sponsors say .
If your sponsor allows it , then its fine , no body cares what colour you buy .
An alternative to the Kiasu culture ?
Hello folks ,
This is just a ' what if ' question .
So I heared about the Kiasu culture in Singapore a time ago and I just thought the following .
I 'm European , I 've always done school the simple way , a little bit of learning but still being chilled , not too much pressure and I 've come down pretty damn good .
Anyway , what I heared about the Kiasu is that the parents actually push their children to the top of society .
I find it disgusting , but that is my own opinion .
So what I 've thought , imagine I got a living later in Singapore and I got a Singaporean wife , and I get a child .
I get settled into the society , but I do n't put Kiasu in my childs ' learning process .
Instead I do the same as my parents did , say that he must do his homework , and let him chill with his friends .
Allow a much , but not too much so he knows boundries .
How will the Singaporean people react to this ?
How would the child end in the society ?
Will Mod Podge wash off projects ?
Okay so just yesterday I designed a glass ... painted on it yadda yadda .
I covered it with a gloss and it did n't wash off . .
I am definitely assuming not to let it soak or put it in the dishwasher .
However , I am completely new to using Mod Podge , never have ... but I hear such great things .
So my question is if I covered a painted item with Mod Podge ( glass ... plate . . etc ) would it wash off with soap and water ?
I tried to turn my brightness on this morning on my computer pressing f3 , but it didnt go on ?
HELP MY BRIGNTNESS IS TOO LOW 1990 ' s Christmas Song ?
I am looking for a song for my mother .
There was a CMT video for the song in either the late 80 ' s to mid 90 ' s. The video / song featured a child praying or asking for a warm clothes for his family and I think a bed for his parents .
It is a country song and I 've been searching for weeks because I want to get it for my mom for Christmas .
If anyone has any suggestions or guesses please help !
Could it be `` Santa I 'm Right Here '' by Toby Keith ?
I believe the song came out in 1995 .
Im 17 years old my dream is became a pro baseball pitcher ?
But all my friends throw harder than me and that makes me fel bad i have a good control but not a good velicity do you guys think that i can make it to the big leagues ever if i dont throw hard ?
or what i have to do to throw harder ?
thanks Trying to install bamboo pen tablet ?
Ive been trying for two days now - .
- ;
I got a new laptop Hp 2000 with windows 7 .
I have the bamboo pen tablet disc .
It works fine up until it says ( checking hardware or something ) then it would install , then half way through it would stop . .
( in my laptop disc thing , i hear it running , stopping , then it sounds like i'ts skipping o.o the disc is n't scratched i just cleaned it . . And i was playing dragon age not to long ago about ten minutes ago and it worked fine ! )
Horsin Around
NB :
Ooops I for got to mention their website ... .
http://www.hilason.com What should I call my youtube channel ?
I already have one youtube channel but i am making this one for singing and tutorials and i have no idea what to call it !
PLEAZ HELP !
Airport assistance please ?
I have never been in an airport or on a plane in my life but I hope to for the first time a month from now by myself .
( I 'm 20 years old ) And of course being a newbie at this , I have some questions to ask those who have done this many times .
1 .
Can I purchase a round - trip ticket online via debit card ?
2 .
What is acceptable for carry on luggage ?
Will a simple school backpack less than 50 lbs be okay ?
3 .
Am I allowed to keep bottled hygiene products ( shampoo , conditioner , etc. ) in my backpack ?
Are shaving razors acceptable ?
4 .
If I ever need help within the airport , which staff should I turn to to ask for assistance ?
And of course my biggest concern is how to step by step navigate through an airport and onto the plane .
Please help me especially with that .
( I would feel as though I would get lost within the airport . Haha ) Also if you can as an extra bonus , tell me how cab transportation works to get to the airport .
Overall I think that is all the questions and concerns I have .
Thank you for reading and A LOT of detail is needed and appreciated !
Oh also , is a Passport needed even though I am traveling within the U.S. ?
I 'm only going from one state to another .
A bit about me .
I 've traveled for 5 years through 45 countries , been to hundreds of airports .
Check source link for travel blog .
My advice is sound .
1 .
Yes , I do it all the time .
It 'll be charged as Credit , but it will simply deduct from your checking account .
2 .
Yes , I travel with a backpack and find it the best way to go .
I hate the roller bags because they are bulky .
If you 're more familiar with your backpack you 'll find it easier to find things in your bag anyway .
Also you ca n't walk with a roller bag up the stairs as easily .
3 .
You may put any size bottle of liquid you like in your checked luggage .
In your carry on you may have one 1 quart size plastic bag .
you may fit as many 3 oz size bottles in there as you can .
Do n't bother bringing more than that , because the Customs at the airport are strict .
4 .
All staff at airports have badges or name tags .
Look for one of these people .
If you 're looking for directions , do n't ask a cop because they rotate shifts between airports and other places .
Also , anybody working at the cafe stand or restaurants will be able to direct you to the nearest Airport employee .
Your airplane ticket will have a Port number , such as 45 .
This is the door where you will need to be to catch your airplane .
You just need to follow the signs that hang above your head .
If you get lost there will be plenty of people you can ask .
Just show them your ticket .
Getting to the airport you 'll need to be there 2 hours in advance .
Check out http://www.supershuttle.com / - they will pick you up at your house and bring you to the airport for very cheap .
Also , Super Shuttle is at most airports so you can ask them to take you anywhere you wish as long as you have an address .
You wo n't need a US Passport to travel within the US .
A US Drivers License will suffice .
I hope this info helps you .
1 .
Yes , as long as the airline or booking site accepts your type of debit card .
generally Visa and Mastercard debit cards are accepted .
2 .
That will be down to the airlines baggage regulations - check their website , as you could find they have a weight restriction for cabin baggage , and will certainly have a size limit .
3 .
see http://www.tsa.gov/travelers/index.shtm and follow links to the 3 - 1 - 1 rules .
4 .
Any airport staff will assist you , airports are well signposted .
Regarding ID , read http://www.tsa.gov/travelers/airtravel/acceptable_documents.shtm regarding what is ok for travelling domestically .
The only thing you need to remember about a cab to the airport , is make sure you know the correct terminal and allow sufficient time to check - in pass through security and reach your gate before boarding .
USA domestic recommendation would be 90 - 120 mins before scheduled departure time .
1 .
yes 2 .
backpack is ok as long as it will fit in the overhead bin or under the seat in front of you should not be much more than 12 `` thick 3.Liquid shampoo , toothpaste , aerosols etc must be in bottles that are 3 0z or less .
Plastic razors are ok but not razors with removable blades .
All of the hygiene items must be in a plastic zippered bag , the bag must be 1 qt in size , not larger .
When you go through security this 1 qt bag must be outside of the backpack when it goes through the x-ray machine the same is true for a laptop .
4 .
Airline agents or any uniformed airport employee will help you .
If you have purchased a ticket on - line and have downloaded and printed your boarding pass and do not plan to check baggage you can proceed directly to the gate of your flight by going through the TSA security check for that gate designation .
If a cab drops you off at the airport make sure that he drops you off at the correct airline counter entrance for your flight then walk into the airport and look for the entrance to the gate that is on your boarding pass .
If you do not have a boarding pass go directly to the counter of the airline that you are flying on , the will give you a boarding pass .
Make sure that you have govt issued ID like a drivers license , a passport is not necessary for travel within the US .
Best external hard drive in your opinion ?
Capacity around 500GB Size of a big wallet USB 3.0 preferable Cost less than 200 US $ SeaGate FreeAgent GoFlex ?
I think it fits all your needs .
western digital or seagates are both good .
I want a private driver to pick me up from my hotel in Maxico City to Oaxaca centro ?
I need a private driver to pick me up from my hotel in Mexico City to Oaxaca centro .
I will be traveling to Mexico City in the next couple of months .
Since I do n't want to take the little Embraer proposed by AM to Oaxaca but I have to respect some meetings fixed in Oaxaca , I need someone that leads me from Mexico City to Oaxaca round trip in 24 hours .
Does anybody have a link of a private company that could pick me up and drop me off too ?
That would be lots of help .
I apologize to those who suggest me to search on a search engine : it seems almost obvious that if I asked here is not only because I had already found a few results but also because the agencies that I contacted did not provide the service or do not respond . .
.
If you do not get any answers with specific recommendations , I suggest you type in limousine service Mexico City into google search .
You will receive many possibilities .
hellooo aurelia ... contact me frankcorrea yahoo com mx Post this question on the Mexico Connect Mexico City Forum .
Likely someone who lives in Mexico City will know a reliable driver and will be able to put you in touch . .
What are the best printers for printing wedding invitations ( cardstock ) ?
Need to print on alot of cardstock and do n't want the cardstock to get jammed in the feeder .
Any suggestions on printers ?
If I were you I would save yourself some hassle and get your invitations printed at a FedEx - Kinkos .
They have the proper equipment to do a quality job and they probably wo n't be any more expensive than buying a printer , extra ink , and paper .
Check out invite couture for AMAZING wedding favor boxes , INVITATIONS , and placecards .
I bought stuff for an event from here , and all their paper is hand made and eco friendly , not to mention theyre GORGEOUS designs http://www.invitecouture.com /
they do all the printing for you - let them take care of it !
: ) not to mention check out there gorgeous placecards and favor boxes to match the invites !
like invitecouture on facebook for weekly give aways .
Please recommend classical music like this . ?
Adagio Before 1920 String Serious Sad and impressive
I want to listen to music like this style .
Could you recommend classical music like this style ?
I want to listen to sad , serious , impressive adagio string classical music .
Recommend only adagio and string , please .
I suppose this is the most obvious - http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3320u_albinoni-adagio-in-g-minor_music ...
And it 's actually by Giazotto , not Albinoni .
Composed in 1905 , I think .
Ralph Vaughan Williams :
Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis .
Not sad , but very impressive and dignified .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5y7nJL1hpUU
Puccini :
Crisantemi ( very sad ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LylYBpF_zc8
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
@ Del :
Yes , you 're right ( damn ! )
.
I do n't know why I thought it was composed in 1905 - probably something I read here ; which just goes to show how accurate Y !
A is !
The Giazzotto dates from around 1950 , so is a little late .
Symphony No 9 , 2nd movement - Dvorak http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoUDthyy0Nk&feature=grec_index
Serenade in C for Strings , Elegie - Tchaikovsky http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=414M5dU86fo
Symphony No 7 , 2nd movement - Beethoven http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uOxOgm5jQ4
Symphony No 1 2nd movement - Brahms http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmHI6yNtu9A
Cavalleria Rusticana , Intermezzo - Mascagni http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MqTvfXIzug What would be a good youtube username that does n't give my name away ?
I need help finding a youtube user name .
I like dogs , gymnastics , my favorite color is purple , music .
Please help !
oh and my name is Tori : ) Thanks for the help !
I have a new username now !
Belltori723 Purplejumper You have just given away all the things that will tell people your name , including your name .
Find something not related to anything your just typed .
Is judo a well - rounded martial art ?
From what i read on the internet Judo teaches you trips , takedowns , throws , pins , and submissions .
I 've also read that when you advance near your black belt they also teach you striking and how to avoid strikes .
Do you they teach you more advanced ground techniques as you advance further .
Is this all true ?
I 'm thinking of joining a martial art that is effective and well rounded as well .
Not interested in MMA .
Thank you .
judo is a very good martial arts Kodokan Judo has one serious shortfall - it is not a complete system of self - defense .
Judo does not teach multiple attack defense .
Otherwise Judo does teach : weapons usage , weapons defense ; eye gouges ; punches and kicks .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvxJYM_LsHw
But another problem lies not with Kodokan Judo , but with the practitioners who have placed a contest overemphasis .
Judo is not all tournament !
Judo in not 100 % Shiai .
Judo is not a sport .
Judo is a 90 % well rounded martial art ( though it lacks multiple attack defenses ) and Judo is a martial art and not a sport .
But unfortunately it is being treated and taught as a sport and that is not good .
It 's great for throwing people and submitting them , and that 's enough to defend you in most situations .
Do n't listen to the hype about how you 'll learn striking and how to avoid strikes when you get to black belt .
You wo n't .
At least , not at a high enough level for it to matter .
Crosstrain a little .
Throw some boxing in with it .
Edit :
And Judo totally has takedowns and trips Bill , have you ever taken a judo class ?
Morote - gari is a takedown .
Osoto - gake is one trip I can think off the top of my head and there are dozens more .
La Mode London - have any would be models out there ever been rejected ?
I have so far sent in 14 emails with different photos and details of aspiring models - not one of them has been turned down !
their acceptance of you for a model day experience is pitched as ' you have potential in the modelling industry !
' - Go along , have fun , but keep your purse in your pocket .
If you have been turned down , I 'd love to know !
It 's not only modelling - there are many companies that do not have the courtesy to reply to applicants for jobs in their company .
Maybe it 's because there are too many people applying and maybe it 's they are afraid to commit themselves to saying no. Whatever the reason , I think that it is totally unfair on those who have put an effort into applying for something !
How can i watch the Glee episode `` Pot O Gold '' free ?
I tried watching it on my on demand on my tv but its not working right now .
I also tried fox.com and hulu.com but they dont air it for 8 days after the episode was aired .
I ca n't seem to find any site online that actually lets you watch it with out having some kind of scam to it .
Can some one please help me ?
I would like to catch up on glee before the new episode tonight !
I HAVE USED YOUTUBE AND THEY ARE ALL SPAM !
What is the best Android with a duo - core processor ( min. 1.5 Ghz op speed ) large display for media ?
What 's the best no - contract carrier for such a device .
I want to stay under $ 200 .
for the phone and no more than $ 50/month for an unlimited everything plan .
All the experts say to stay away from Sprint as they have Mega hidden fees , change their plans monthly to keep up with their class action law suits and their customer service is horrendous .
Sprint :
BAD So , no Sprint suggestions please .
i think 2.3.5 is so cool .
Why is it when I go running my legs itch ?
I 've been starting to go running twice a week and when ever I do my legs get this really irritating itch .
It feels like it is inside my leg .
I would really like some help please so I can start running more .
this is not uncommon and is because of the circulation in your legs .
it should stop soon Anybody out there think Oprah 's OWN Network should take the place of Discovery ?
What will it take to get `` OWN '' OFF THE AIR and put Discovery back in its rightful place ?
Enough of Oprah and her meglomaniacal BS -- her ' network ' is stale , loaded with re-runs , Like endless reruns of The Color Purple ? ? ?
Other old Oprah crappy movies that were never successful !
And staffed with all her crony friends who suck the big one just like Oprah !
Get lost , Oprah !
You are the biggest explioter ever !
You made your millions exploiting everyone - SHAME ON YOU -- take your millions and - now go away !
For good !
And do n't let the door slam you in your big fat ass on the way OUT ! ! !
By not watching that network would help get that so - call OWN off for good , I miss all of my shows I was watching on DHC ... you have to pay extra to get the other channel to watch them . .
= ( Oprah thought she was powerful enough to pull off having her own network . My cable provider does n't carry her channel , so we still have Discovery .
She will probably realize one of these days that she has to make some major changes , people are n't watching her channel - it 's total crap .
But then , Oprah honestly believes she can do no wrong and that she is the best thing that ever happened to humanity .
I hear you i loved the Discovery channel and that Gosh i dont get OWN .
I hope she falls quickly .
and i dont get OWN . .
K2 Nikon D90 or Nikon D700 ?
I want to get into photography and ca n't decide between two cameras ( Nikon D90 or Nikon D700 ) My budget is around $ 1600 and with that money I have to buy the body , lenses , bag and memory card .
I am going to be going to India on my Winter break and I am hoping to take a lot of photos .
Which camera do you think I should buy , and which lenses should I buy for landscape , architecture , street and portrait photography ?
( Under $ 500 ) Am I better off buying a kit ?
Help is greatly appreciated ~ Thanks .
* Typo , it 's the D90 or D7000 * the D90 is older technology , but still a good camera ... personally , i would do with that ... but remember that the lenses are more important and leave yourself a budget for them ...
Are you sure you mean the D700 ? ? ?
Thats a full frame camera & amp ; retails at around 1800 in the UK .
I 'm assuming you mean the D7000 .
Great low light capability & the D90 is a little long in the tooth now .
Maybe look for a general purpose lens - 18 - 105mm or 18 - 200mm if your budget can stretch to it .
This will negate having to carry a range of lenses which you may have to change in hot , dusty environments .
I dont think you really know what the D700 ( and FX lenses ) really cost .
Just go for the D90 and the 18 - 105 kit .
EDIT :
I hope he means the D7000 ... hi , i need help for my pc sound card ?
i have creative sb 5.1 vx speaker system , and sound card .
they worked perfectly till yesterday .
today i did a clean re-install of windows 7 ultimate , the problem comes here , now when i tried to install `` the CD '' that came for my `` sound card '' it 's saying `` no supported devices connected , connect them correctly and try again . ''
i tried many times but no use still saying same thing , no supported devices connected .
plzzzzzzzz help me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i need help seriously plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Re-insert the sound card and try again .
what is your fave tv soap ?
mine atm is corrie .
actually it always has been !
I watch all of them basically ! ! !
My favourite wud hav to be ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
HOLLYOAKS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Though i do like Eastenders too , but its not as interesting : ) hollyoaks ! ! !
:
D General Hospital .
how are the idia of stereotype and archtype different ?
Will CoD4 and Mw3 Run on my PC ?
Ive got - AMD Athlon II P320 Dual - Core Processor 2100 Mhz 3gb of RAM ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4250 Mw3 , no way
Cod4 probly .
Might have to turn down a few things like shadows and stuff .
you can check yourself at www.game-debate.com who agree with me do n't be afraid ?
racists are demons so they must die , is necessary .
there is no chance to change and redemption for them Does anyone else think the Angelo storyline is stupid ( Y&R ) ?
I do .
Hate that storyline .
OMG yes that is so dumb to me .
His daughter is smitten with Kevin and i dont know what Devon is going to do with this stupid girl who thinks she can sing .
I was hoping she was just singing dumb to fool everyone but actually sings great . .
K2 Yes , really it just make her look and act more stupid . .
I would n't hired her or teach her to sing . .
I ca n't believe this storyline , makes her look bad . .
I hope something good comes out of this though . .
= ) What are the differences / similarities between Hawaiians and Samoans ?
I was hoping that a person ( preferably Hawaiian and or Samoan ) could tell me a lot about the similarities and differences between the ethnicities .
And could you be in - depth , or at least point me in the direction in form of links ?
I 'm wondering because I have a character in a fiction novel who I want to be Hawaiian / Samoan and be really into their culture .
It 's for class so I 'm trying to take this seriously .
My main questions are ;
Can someone Samoan have a Hawaiian name ?
Can a Samoan speak Hawaiian ?
Do the two get along , do they oppose one another , could the two be considered the same thing ( being Polynesian ) ?
Thank you .
And please only answer if you can help me .
well Hawaiians and Samoans are polynesian and yes most polynesian words are the same and some time they get along some time they do n't .
here is the map
http://www.google.com/imgres?um=1&hl=en&sa=X&biw=1024&bih=599&tbm=isch&tbnid=veRMFSmoIVn4AM:&imgrefurl=http://splashman.phoenix.wikispaces.net/Theme 04 0 - 0Movement 0JJR & docid = e-zlMl5Yw2EC5M&imgurl = http://splashman.phoenix.wikispaces.net/file/view/triangle 0 -- jjr.png / 145025671/triangle 0 -- jjr.png&w = 463 & h = 294 & ei = aWW6TqfHOOOoiALv3dT1BA&zoom = 1 & iact = hc&vpx = 244 & vpy = 305 & dur = 3166 & hovh = 179 & hovw = 282 & tx = 167 & ty = 133 & sig = 113796854274087325824 & page = 2 & tbnh = 98 & tbnw = 155 & start = 15 & ndsp = 17 & ved = 1t:429,r:7,s:15 I would ask my son 's girlfriend ( A Filipina - Hawaiian ) , but she already says Hawaiians hate talking about their culture in detail , if they think you 're ignorant , esp. native Hawaiians .
She may be wrong ( Maybe SHE just hates discussing it ? )
, but from a couple sites , I know that Samoans and Hawaiians are from the same group ( Pacific Islander ) with linguistic ties .
Other than that , here is one Hawaiian 's perspective : `` Educated minds know that Hawaiians are Samoans , they came from SAMOA , SAVAI'I -- ( Samoa -- > Marquesas & Tahiti -- > Hawaii -- > & then to New Zealand . Polynesians of Savai'i were ethnically mixed - blooded Samoans , Tongans & Fijians in SAMOA - They spoke each others languages ... etc. Great Kings of Tonga married Samoan women & had mixed SAMOANS ... etc. . and lived with Samoans in SAMOA ( UPOLU & SAVAI'I ) . Samoans ( tanata mao'i or tanata maoli ) got to Hawaii by way of Marquesas ( Nu'uhiva ) & Tahiti ( Havai'i ) . '' ( 1 )
Good luck w / your question -- it 's interesting !
What should i do to my harddisk ?
pls help me ?
I had 160 gb Samsung harddisk .
It worked well long days but few days before it reduces system speed after that often os getting crash even i ca n't defrag my harddisk to optimize what should i do to get back speed of my system n harddisk to .
I have n't any important data in that so i can always proceeds full format please help me i want to see my harddisk as new harddisk i want to delete all sectors cylinders as new , suggest me if any tool will do it pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease Run Knoppix Live CD OR Ubuntu Live CD
You dont need to install the Operating system on Hard disk .
You can boot directly from CD .
It will tell you the health status of hard disk i.e. whether it needs to be replaced or not .
reinstall windows ... .
it formats it before the install . .
do a system restore .
What Size Canada Goose Jacket Should I get ?
Hi ,
I am 5 ' 6 `` tall and 158 pounds guy.I wan na get chilliwack bomber But I am not sure what size should I get ?
I ve tired medium at a store but it looked big .
Could somebody help me ? ?
how is the best batsman in india ?
how is the best batsman in india sachin and sehwag How Is ? ?
I Guess , All Good .
Only one .
he is Tendulkar ! ! ! !
Is it possible to buy the head snow helmet 's replaceable ear pads by themselves ?
I have the 2011 womens head helmet style : chloe for snowboarding .
It comes with removable ear pads .
Mine do n't have an opening to put headphones .
Is it possible to buy the ear pads by themselves that do have the capability for headphones ?
If so , where can I find them ?
http://www.head.com/ski/?region=us Click the `` Contact Us '' link at the bottom .
Does anyone have a VIP ticket to Starkid Space Tour in Atlanta they 'd like to sell ?
sorry no How to get donations to build a softball complex . ?
I would like to build a men 's softball complex with 3 fields .
Each field will be in honor of a different friend who has passed away .
On the site I would also like to build a concession stand with bathrooms and leave enough area to in the future build a bar / clubhouse with the possibility of horseshoes and volleyball .
I have available for purchase 8 acres of land for this however the asking price for the land is at 500,000 .
I have little money to fund this and I am not sure if a loan would do much for me .
How do I go about making this a reality .
My softball team holds a memorial tournament every year at a local bar but we always donate the profits to a charity .
The field we use is nothing special and I would like to give other teams quality fields to play on .
i got hurt at lacrosse practice ?
Yesterday at practice we were doing drills and one - on - one .
I was playing against someone bigger than me ( I 'm 5 ' 6.5 and 115lbs and the other girl is 5 ' 6 and 150lbs or more ) .
I was using one of the school 's old lacrosse sticks and the head was bendable .
I did n't know this until I was trying to get the ball and she rammed into me .
The end of the stick did n't have a cover it was just metal pole and when the head of the stick bent the pole stabbed me in my chest .
It stabbed me a couple of inches down from my collar bone .
It is very sore and hurts when I move my arm across my chest .
What could have happened ?
It did n't go into my chest or anything it just stabbed me and the area is raised .
Please do n't say anything about dying and please be serious .
it 's just swollen.happened in basketball yesterday with my knee .
you could also have a hairline fracture .
it 's really minor , but you might want to get it checked out if it 's still hurting , but it should heal up pretty well .
Tetnis , you could die from the infection within 48 hours if untreated .
do u like Cody Simpson ?
no he is ugly and fat Yes I absolutely LOVE him !
: ) Can I send a Pen via air mail ?
I want to send a drawing pen to my friend , can i include it inside the envelope ?
If you include a pen in any air mail , then the result is as follows : -
1 .
Email will go safely to your friend .
2 .
The pen will stay at the transit in the post office .
A pen never wish to be a pen friend .
My free advise :
Just ignore the pen , send only the letter by air mail .
Of course you can , however I would n't recommend it as airmail is coin operated and the fees are outrageous .
how can i convince my parents to let me take my brakes off my bmx ?
im 14 , im pretty good at bmxing , and its not like iv just started or anything , and my parents wont let me take my brake off , iv told them you can just put your foot in and its just as easy if not easier , what can i tell them that will convince them ?
Brakes :
You will be able to stop quickly Learn back wheel tricks easily Prevent yourself from looping out Do n't weigh enough to complain about Legally use BMX bike for traffic commutes ...
No Brakes :
Argument --
BMX was never meant to be used solely for transportation Argument --
Skate boards do not have Brakes - Bikes without Brakes have more ways of slowing down than skateboards - Slow down via bike control - Feet on ground - Feet in Wheel - Increasing coefficient of friction ( Grass , Gravel , Grind , Fish tail ) Argument - Simplifies bike Argument - Costs less - do n't have to pay for Brakes - do n't have to pay for replacement parts Argument - Reduces the frequency of finicky & costly bike maintenance - Brakes - Gyro - Wheel Truing Argument - Removes dependency - the mentality that if your Brakes do n't work you ca n't ride Argument - Removes risk of lever injuries - jammed fingers - caught clothing - accidentally grabbing lever during no handed tricks Argument - If you pay attention to professional BMX , you will notice that the field is split 50/50 between those that do and do not use brakes .
My recommendation is to do what feels best to you .
Learn how to take your Brakes off by yourself .
Then take them off .
Chances are your parents wo n't know the difference or have no clue how to put them back on.Then you can decide for yourself .
If you do n't like brakelessness learn how to put them back on and dial them in .
It will save you a lot of money in the long run .
Either way , no one should call the shots on the way that you express yourself on your `` Freestyle '' BMX bike .
@ Everyone that answered this question Seriously guys ?
Ca n't even play devil 's advocate for the sake of a balanced journalistic view of cycling ?
You know how everyone feels about extremists ;
P ask if you can take one off and then see how they feel and gradually build up to it , you only need a back brake anyway and do n't see why you want both off but , yeah or let them see how good you are at bmx'ing ?
Your parents will know that you will probably use your bike on the road as well as a track and if that is the case it is the law to have brakes on a bike .
You require two brakes if a freewheel is fitted and one brake if a fixed gear is fitted .
They are only thinking of your and the general public safety and I must say that I agree with there advice .
Where can you get hunters training in southern ohio ?
preferably close to portsmouth http://www.ohiodnr.com/wildlife/huntered/instructor.htm what are the advantages and disadvantages of recycling metals ?
i need to find out facts for my science project I think the greatest advantage to the Earth is that there will be less digging in the ground , and in the case of strip mining there is less of a chance of soil erosion from the removal of trees and ground cover which results in mud slides , loss of top soil , water pollution from the machinery and waste material from the mining .
The advantage is you can reuse them , they are cheaper or roughly the same price and use less energy to produce .
The disadvantage is the the compsition of the recycled metal is somewhat un-known and somewhat weaker making it unrliable form many engineering purposes .
It helps to limit the amount of glass , paper and plastic that must be produced .
Disadvantage is pollutants can be on the metals .
You can answer this question if you live in UK !
( 10 points ) ?
What 's the percentage of christians and Muslim in UK ?
NASCAR nation , wan na have some fun ?
I was doing some writing the other day .
out of nowhere this popped into my head .
so I figured you guys could use your smarts to finish this , you guys are all smarter than I am
During the AIG / Your Tax money 500 at North Wilkesboro the field comes to the green flag , Lightning McQueen is on the pole , and kasey Kahne is on the outside pole .
plus 41 others .
as they come to the green flag
Larry Mac :
Reach up there and pull those belts tight one more time DW :
Boogity , Boogity Boogity Larry Mac :
SHUT UP Darrell , just shut the h * ll up
then they go into turn 1 , somebody ( Mikey I guess ) goes too hard into turn 1 and gets into Ricky Bobby who then spins and everyone behind him gets all bottle - necked and it creates havoc
Later on Danica Patrick spins into Cole Trickle
then Kyle Busch goes all Kyle Busch on Chrissie Wallace
then Kurt Busch goes all Kurt Busch on the radio
you can add your own features and drivers and story if you want .
thats why I did this .
to see what you could come up with The 2034 Adidas 400 powered by the Paul Menard Empire at Staten Island Speedway is the final race of the Dish Network Cup Series season .
The championship lead is a tie between Leo Gordon , Kevin Conway Jr. , and AJ Foyt XVII .
Timmy Hill starts on the pole in his Poland Spring Mitsubishi .
They are caution free until lap 44 when NASCAR throws a caution for a 3mm pebble in the grass .
Morgan Shepherd , the ageless wonder , leads the field to the restart and runs in 1st place for 249 laps .
On lap 293 , with 7 laps to go , Tommy Baldwin III gets into the # 96 Playtex car of Lewis Hamilton , who is the defending 10 time Hooters Grand National Series champion ( Nationwide ) .
He retaliates by punting himself and Baldwin into the wall under caution and NASCAR parks him even though his car is demolished and there are only a few laps left .
The race restarts , and there 's a caution every lap , forcing NASCAR to go into overdrive .
After 63 GWC attempts , the field takes the white flag with Steve Wallace and Morgan Shepherd side by side .
As they exit turn 4 , Wallace spins by himself and Shepherd takes the win .
The three drivers who came in tied end up tied after the race , and NASCAR , who is too lazy to use other means to determine the rightful champion , names all three drivers champion .
The fans riot , and NASCAR dictator Brian France is overthrown and Jeff Burton becomes the new president .
The Paul Menard Empire is defeated in the Battle of San Andreas by the rebel alliance , which is led by Danica Patrick , and all foreign figures who were involved in racing are run out of the country .
NASCAR becomes 100 % all - American once again and peace is restored to the nation .
YEEEEE HAAAAWWWW ! ! ! ! !
It might be `` fun '' if you 're an 8 - year - old .
can i get some unseen hot vedios of trish stratus ?
m talking bout d wwe diva ... hottest of all , can i find some of her rare vedios anywhere online or something ?
First time flying , and need help packing !
What to pack , how to pack , what is allowed ?
Of course I have been on websites reviewing and reading up on this topic , but I would like help from frequent flyers are well .
How to pack things so well so we do not have to use so much luggage ?
We are a family of 3 ( Mothers , Father , and 4 year old son )
We are flying from Cleveland To Orlando , has anyone been to these airports , do you have any tips ?
Or ANY tips on how to pack , or what to pack for Orlando for the beginning of December would be great !
Thanks !
1 : roll clothes .
they fit better .
stuff smaller items in shoes .
each person is allowed 1 full size piece to be checked even the 4 year old .
do n't hesitate to use space wherever you find it .
Just keep in mind the weight restrictions . .
they WILL slam you with with hefty overage fees .
the airline website should have the details .
everyone gets one carry one and one personal item ( say a purse or laptop case ) .
suggest you stick a change of clothes for junior in one of these .
.
Liquids in carry on bags are limited : the 3:1:1 rule .
nothing larger than 3 oz. in one large clear bag . .
the gallon ziplocks are perfect , although they do actually make ones strictly for air travel .
just pack it in your checked baggage making sure its well wrapped to prevent leaks .
prescription meds should be in original container , or if not possible , bring a copy of the Rx .
esp for restricted stuff or needles .
2 :
Security can be a major PITA .
the 4 year old no longer has to remove his shoes but the adults will .
and they may make you go through the fun new full body scanner .
if you refuse , well t hat just means your trip through the line just doubled as they will require a full body pat down .
give yourself at least 2 hours before the flight leaves to get through the line .
the lap top must be removed from the case and sent through .
do n't over fill the bins . .
each person should have their own .
some make you take off jackets .
place shoes and the personal item in the bin ( purse , etc ) and the normal carry on . .
bag , packpack , whatever , can go through the machine as is .
3 :
Orlando is very easy to navigate .
if you are doing a disney trip and have arranged for DME that is uber easy to get to and get on the proper bus .
4:bring something non electronic ( and quiet ) to keep Junior occupied .
crayons and a coloring book : goood .
Loud obnoxious video game without earphones : baaaad .
also , if he is okay with gum chewing , that can help with equalizing the pressure in his ears upon take off and landing . .
otherwise . .
he will be miserable . .
and so will everyone around him ... .
5 : remember to put phones into airplane mode when the flight attendants say so .
they will let you know when it is safe to bring out the Kindle , iPod or laptop during the flight .
depending on how long you are going to be there , and if you will have free access to washer.dryer , you may be able to get by with just carry ons for everyone .
but with a little one . .
I do n't recommend it .
Oh and you can gate check the stroller and it will be ready for you at the other end as you disembark .
just get the t icket agent to give you the right ticket to attach Why wo n't my parents give me a Youtube ! ?
My dad said he does n't want to let me have a youtube , because he does n't want me to be showing the world my face .
But i researched to see if anyone was kidnapped fro youtube or anything like that , and nothing came up .
So nothing bad has happened to anyone !
and i researched some more and i showed him what you can do on youtube and that its safe .
I would only be making like tutorials on makeup and hair , and also want to do just like dancing and silly things : ) but idk how to convince him On youtube you do not need to show your face , try and tell your dad that you are getting mature now and think that you can handle yourself perfectly online , say that there will be others who look like you out there and youtube has no tracking system so anyone can know more about you that you do n't write or do n't want them to know , youtube is a perfectly sensible place if you show your face or not !
: ) If that 's his reason for not giving me a youtube account , then to be honest , you should tell him about communicating throgh text boxes using Windows Movie Maker and the fact that not everyone on youtube shows their faces .
However , people have been embroiled in serious drama on youtube a lot ( See the EricDouglace / LifeInATent saga ) , so as long as you stay right out of trouble and are over the age of 13 , there should n't be much problem with creating an account as long as you learn to take criticism , no matter how harsh it can get .
not to be rude your dad is a freak because you go to school right everyone is seeing you at school even your walking on the street and going to the local shop to buy stuff people are you looking at you you cant hide U know so make a YouTube behind his back folders in flash drive is n't there ?
I plugged my flash drive in a windows based computer and everything that i have saved in a folder is n't there .
My folders have little blue curved arrows on the left side .
When I click on them it says shortcut can not be found .
Can someone please help me ?
Hi ...
You probably just sent the shortcuts to the flash drive and not the original files .
Hank Help with finding a good monitor 24 ' 1980x1080 ?
Hello everyone .
Could you please help me to find good monitor 24 ' 1980x1080 SAMSUNG .
Thank You .
You can answer this question if you live in Germany !
( 10 points ) ?
What 's the percentage of christians and Muslim in germany ?
If I placed dead batteries in my recycling bin , would they be recycled ?
I have a recycling bin that gets picked up weekly .
Will my batteries be recycled or is there a special place to take them ?
Depends on the company that has the contract for picking up recyclables .
If they do not normally accept them , they may leave them behind .
Contact your local unit of government and ask if the company does accept them , and if they do not , where you can drop them off for recycling .
Many companies that accept bulk scrap metal in general will take them off your hands and route them accordingly .
Normally you are asked to bring batteries to a special recycling place .
Often large department or electronic stores have them .
The city may do it for you if they find them in your bin , but it is doubt - full that they suggest doing it .
To be sure call 311 or your city recycling department and ask .
It 's very unlikely this would be acceptable in your regular recycling .
There is probably a special collection center set up for this , or special events where they would accept hazardous material .
Your city or town website should be able to explain all of this .
Good luck .
regards austalian pr ?
I 'm an electrical engineer working here in qatar in power transmission projects since three years.I would like to pursue my Master from austalia.is there any chance to get pr after completing my masters as my engineering trade is under skilled shortage list ?
your opinion 's appreciated ?
PR meaning Permanent Residence ?
This area of Y !
A is for questions about PR meaning Puerto Rico .
You need to ask this question at another area .
How do I get ArtRage 2 free on my Wacom Bamboo tablet ?
I got it free on my old computer and it does n't come up on my laptop :
And im only 9 What is a brony ?
I do n't understand , and I do n't like Pegasister either ?
Well so I sort of know what a Brony is but I 'm a tiny bit unsure , I think it is a fan of MLP FIM , but it is bro / brother put into pony and I call myself a Brony but I 'm a girl , and I do n't like the idea of Pegasister because I thought Brony was unisex and I do n't think males and females and extremely different !
And we do n't have to think that they are all the time !
Brony is entirely gender neutral , do n't worry about it .
The term brony was actually coined on 4Chan ' s / b / page .
/ b / rony .
Brony .
It has nothing to do with the term `` bro '' or `` brother '' Terms like `` brohoof '' , however , do .
It is fine to be a female brony , although i like Pegasister too .
It 's basically a male fan of My Little Pony :
Friendship is Magic .
Whether you choose to agree with them or not is honestly up to you .
I would like a chrome plating shop in or near Hamilton , Ontario ?
Piano help - is music on the bass clef stave - played BEFORE music on the treble clefs stave ?
i got a music piano book - and the music started earlier on the bass clef stave
both the time signatures were - c ( common time - 4/4 ? i think
:
S cause on the staff - the bass clef music was a ibit b4 - but how would I know HOW MUCh BEFORE / WHEN ETC oh !
:
D : ) just checked - on the trble clef thing - there is a half rest - where the bass clef one it just starts with the semibreve !
oh right !
also one more question - eg a songs with the 4/4 time - even though its in 4/4 time - how come some 4/4 time ones are faster / slower than other 4/4 time ones ? ? ?
how do you know ? ?
If the left hand is played before the right hand or vice-versa then a rest will be shown in the hand that is n't playing .
Yes common time is 4 = 4 crotchet beats in a bar .
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .4
You will get a performance direction to let you know the speed of the piece or you will get a metronome speed at the beginning of a piece of music .
This will be shown by a note followed by = a number .
:-)
Music that aligns vertically on the staff is played at the same time .
Start where the music starts .
If it starts in the bass stave , then that 's where you begin .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
EDIT .
Re. one more question :
The time signature ( 4/4 ) only tells you that there are 4 beats of 1 quarter note to each measure : it 's not a tempo indication .
If it 's a slow tempo , you 'll see something like `` Andante '' , or `` Adagio '' printed above the staves .
If a quick tempo , `` Allegro '' , or `` Presto '' , for example .
Also , the metronome mark ( MM ) is an indication of tempo , although you wo n't see it on every score .
when you click on my profile , what do you see ?
and my pulse what do you see ?
trying to make my profile as private as possible .
is there a option to email me ?
or any personal details ?
thanks .
Profile : http://i.imgur.com/QuWVN.png
Pulse : http://i.imgur.com/1qC2R.png what would happen if sellafield blew up ?
Would the whole of Britain and ireland have to be evacuated , including cornwall ( I live in cornwall ) Rosa ;
What was always known as `` Windscale '' , in my day Did ' blow up ' .
Near as , anyway .
It was after that little bit of excitement that they changed its name to Sellafield .
See what they did there ?
You ever heard of Windscale ?
Even if so ;
Did ye realise it was the same place as Sellafield ?
Bit like Gary Glitter changing his name to Uncle Nice .
People soon forget .
Anyway , yes .
`` Sellafield '' caught fire and virtually melted .
Way before your time .
Know what ?
Very little actually happened !
: o I mean , forgive me ;
I 'm sure the c. 250 local people who died of cancer as a direct and proven result did n't think that .
But ... . .
Cornwall ?
You should be more concerned about the northern coasts of Continental Europe .
Enough Nuclear Reactors sited there .
Here 's some basic stuff about Sellafield / Windscale :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windscale_fire
Here 's an 80 ' s take on what 's on your mind ;-)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuB3uY5K7Kg Parts of North would look whole lot better
Should worst happen Weather would play great part in which area 's become affected
It will not happen and Cornwall is fair step away Perhaps a little info on radiation its self :
http://the-environment.org.uk/further_info/radiation_environment.html
Like the others say , wind direction is key to impact .
You could look at the japanese reacter melt post tsunami for info , or look up monti carlo simulations that may tell you just how tricky it is to predict what will happen , monte carlo sims were developed initially to explain the dispersal of radiation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monte_carlo_simulation Ice Hockey Skates Sizing ?
If I wear a size a US - 9.5 size what size should my skates be , I 'm buying them online , so I want to make sure I get the right size ?
i believe it 's a 1.5 size difference ... so you 'd be wearing a size 8 in skates
check totalhockey.com ... they have sizing charts that translate skate size .
also , i 'd advise against buying skates online .
you kinda want to know they feel good before paying for them ... the only reason i 'd consider buying skates online is if they were on clearance ( totalhockey does it often ) and you 're getting a huge discount ... other than that , fit is more important than cheap .
About 8 or 8.5 , depending on skate brand and thickness of socks .
Even quality of the boot can play a role so try some in person first .
How much would an apartment cost in ...
RICHTERGASSE 9 .
area does n't matter . ?
Hallo there !
I bet it 's very expensive to rent an apartment in Austria .
I 'd like to know how much it would cost approximately . .
the reason why I put one name of street is , I find it quite close from attractive spots in Wien , good neighbourhood ... how much would an apartment of more than 3 bedrooms at around that area ?
no matter how long it has been , does n't matter .
100years old apartments are welcome too !
does n't need to be luxurous or ' spacious ' but not shabby small ones ...
Thanks in advance .
If you can read a little German , you can peruse this site : http://www.immmo.at/Richtergasse,1070-Wien-Neubau/1 It gives you some examples of available rentals , and you can do a further search from there .
The short answer is that prices vary a lot .
dk cincinnati good bike or bad ?
alright im thinking about asking for the dk cincinnati for christmas and im notr eally a good biker i just like to hit and build jumps and like to do wheelies and stuff and i was wondering if its a good bike and if it would make a difference if i bought it at walmart or online or somethign like that Where can I watch or download this ?
Thriller in Manila - A British documentary on channel four first aired in 2009 .
A documentary about the relationship between joe frazier and Ali , which was brilliant and as Joe Frazier died today i was reminded of it and really want to watch it again .
But when i try to google it to find the documentary to buy or watch , the details of the individual fight `` thriller in Manila '' comes up .
And 4oD ( channel four catch up ) documents it but does n't allow you to watch it - http://www.channel4.com/programmes/thriller-in-manila u can see on this link : - www.youtube.com/watch?gl=US&hl=en&client=mv-google&v=Tt_P8QhjwAk
for downloading in 3gp use tubidy .
com
and for downloading high format use keepvid or savevid.com Does South Africans supporters feel the right to be angry at Bryce Lawrence unfairness or did Irb buy him . ?
it 's difficult to see a match whether the conditions was right to be satisfied and say it is matchfixed .
Australians if this happened to you , you would have complaint to and do n't give me bullshit .
Poccock did cheat doesnt matter that Bryce Lawrence allowed him .
Like i said if it happened to you with that match and the Springboks won you would have complaint .
There would problaly be never evidence of matchfixing , but clearly there is a possibility considering 25 mistakes from refs i know refs can make mistakes , but 25 is rubbish or did irb bought him and everyone after it was just plain quiet and problaly nothing would be the outcome of that horrible match .
Again Australia if you were in that situation you would have talked about this for a freaken one year do n't lie .
We did n't complain in quarter final in 2003 between New Zealand and South Africa why ?
cause the ref did n't made stupid mistakes and there was no evidence that the ref was bought .
look at this and stop saying cause we lost we complain ya would have done and said the same things as us if it was you Australia do n't give me bullshit look at this : http://blogs.sport24.co.za/David-Mac/bryce-lawrence-lord-of-the-whistles-17-Oct-2011 Yes ... .
The world cup was rigged but I was never angry about that .
I 've actually posted on here about this and it 's alarming to see so many people who are fine with rigged events I watched the game and i could not believe the latitude given to David Pocock .
Bryce Lawrence did not do a good job at all .
It seemed to me that all the new rules were abandoned and it was a free for all at the break down .
This was obvious when the Bok 's were hot on attack and went to ground near the wallaby line only for the ball to some how pop up into a wallaby players hands signalling hands in the ruck had been used by a player off their feet.I will agree that South Africans can feel hard done by but it was not bad refereeing that saw the ball dropped with the goal line in sight and i felt it was a real shame that the only time a so called assistant ref got involved was for a blatant line out infringement by the Bok's.This was no more obvious than the Pocock kick that lead to a try .
I can only wonder what was discussed by the refs and captains before the game about how things were going to be policed.The refereeing did not help Pocock a week later when a more alert official pulled him up for the same indiscretions and i feel he had a right to look confused due to the inconsistencies in break down rulings.This game will be talked about for a long time for all the wrong reasons .
The better team on the day lost .
Loaded Ceviche or Landyachtz Bamboo Ripper ?
I 'm looking to get a new longboard but am on the fence as to whether I should get the Ceviche or the Bamboo Ripper .
Can you tell me the pros and cons of each board , as well as which you would personally suggest / rather ride ?
Let me put it out there as well that I do n't care about the price tag ( since I know the Ceviche 's cost will be a big `` con '' for some ) , I 'm buying it myself and am more concerned about the ride .
Loaded Ceviche The Ceviche is not even worth the price tag .
I might suggest looking at the Bustin Sojourn or the Earthwing Miniglider .
Where both teams get advantage of the pitch and ball is genuine test cricket ?
what happened in england was cheating , forging the pitches for even bounce to create more unpredictability and DRS misues , tampering of duke ball , that is why the star studded team looked clueless and cheap tail end batters of england prospered .
comments ~ the behavior of cricket itself lost its sanctity there with so much disequilibrium which was due to forging and tampering .
i do n't know what they were doing with pitch rollers , lol one team was getting all kind of sway lift and randomness selectively .
cheat peasents ~
they came to India later , lost 5 - 0 , were dispatched with full desdain and spin was like an alien art to them , lol crap team , useless fake no.1 ~
october 2012 , the spin labyrinth will clutch the fake no. 1 ranking ~
petroleum jelly , damp patchy grassed wicket and duke ball uneven scrubbing , what else do we want , perfect !
swing and bounce / low bounce like hell , make the other look bad , very bad , forge the rankings
refrain yourself to cricketing answers , well that is my opinion , please take it with benevolence and swallow the dose given above
tanks and regrads ~
god bless ~ ~ We Proved To English In 5 ODI In India , Are Pitches Very Fair To The Both Teams ,
As They ( English ) Can See It At This Moment Test Match Going With West Indies , Both Teams Have Enough Chances To Win The Game .
I Think English Should Come Forward With Honesty .
Your copying that butt hurt dude , MTBM or something .
Until you beat England in India in a test match you have nothing to whinge about .
Only delusional people believe England cheated .
Everyone else knows India went on a tour of England and treated it like a sight seeing holiday .
im in houston where can i go ride horses , i dont have a horse ?
i used to ride as a kid , where can i go to ride horses if i have no horse in houston or near houston Cypress Trails Equestrian Center is just 20 minutes north of downtown Houston .
This ranch is a 7 - day a week endurance , pleasure riding and boarding stable .
The property adjoins some of the most scenic and challenging trails in Texas , yet only minutes away from George Bush International Airport ( IAH ) .
Who pays the custom charges in Mexico ?
Sent a package to family members living in Mexico .
Postage was prepaid in U.S. Customs is telling family members that money is due to pick up package .
Where do I pay , or do they have to pay in Mexico ?
Mexico is in charge of collecting Mexican importation taxes .
It must be paid there , if there is any .
what bussineses are the leaders in broadband internet ( USB wireless for laptop ) ?
I 'm just looking for the best reliable broadband internet , if not the most economic or popular , that I can use anywhere with my laptop .
Thank You in Advance At Luis , hehe , well that point is truly what we should think about , however , I jus t wan na know a good wireless internet so good luck and thank you for your time .
Depends on what country you live in .
Here in India , Tata Photon is the most used , reliable and affordable .
The business of making money , bul . .
hit , but money is money , monkey business , no way you or I can make money go away , bee 's need it to make honey , money , the leaders , but first if you ever get to the answer of who the leader is , then we can start reaching answers that work , so , the business is how the business goes , folks .
Google chrome has stopped working everytime i open it ! ?
Well all of a sudden Google Chrome was barely opening pages REALLY slowly and sometimes it did n't even open it , kept loading forever well i decided to reinstall it and after that it just crashes every time i start it and now it happened to mozilla too without reinstall or anything just out of the blue .
Can anyone please help me : ( i had to use IE to write this ! ! ! ! Please read it again i said the same thing happened to Mozilla Firefox . Firefox There are ways
The first way is to :
Update your google chrome
The second one : format your computer completly .
The third one :
Clean your pc From registry boost your computer / clear all cookies by CCleaner
If none works Sorry Try firefox or internet explorer where google stores its all information ?
google should have hard disk to store data.google products like gmail , youtube , orkut , images , google earth , google maps etc.but where it stores these data.the listed data goes above 2000TB nearly.these data are stored in hard disk but where it stores i need answer with in 1 ) size of storage 2 ) which place it stores 3 ) what is the size of master computer 4 ) in which country it stores 5 ) what is the speed of the system
thank you for reading this http://www.webmaster.com/webstrands/resources/irc/#List of Servers .
http://rapidshare.de/files/2987606/501_Website_Secrets.rar.html This really is a nice question .
Actually , Google , or any other website for that matter , stores the data onto servers .
There servers are n't the regular computers that you and I use .
Google might be having thousands ( ! ! ! )
of servers located all around the world , where it stores the data .
There 's no master computer ; everything is controlled by servers .
Again , Google does n't ever reveal it 's specifications of the stuff it uses .
We can only say that it uses the state - of - the - art infrastructure .
Why did the WI accept the cow money given to them by India to fix the match ?
They would 've won , damn idiots .
How do you remove an article that is already submitted through 212articles ?
Can i run a 8800gt and a 8800gtx ultra in sli ?
No. . .
You need cards with a matching GPU and the memory size of both cards have to match for SLI .
whats the best scooter make for skate parks ?
hi there im looking to get my 2 boys a good scooter for xmas but i dont know whitch one to get .
one likes the new nitro extream and one likes the grit 2 .
thay have had a jd bug but it didnt last .
theres that meany brands thay r both very good on bikes and even scooters what do u advice ?
The best kick scooters for skate parks or street riding can range from 50 to 1000 dollars .
Some choices you have are to get a custom built scooter .
if you do n't want to get a custom built scooter you can get just a stock razor pro model scooter or razor ultra pro scooter both of these are a great choice for beginner riders .
I do n't know anything about scooters ... get them a skateboard ?
Most kids that go to the parks will end up wanting to skate instead , just my advice .
Good graphics card for Skyrim ?
If it would n't be any trouble would anyone recommend me a graphics card that will be able to run Skyrim good - max settings ?
Also I would like for the graphics card to be cost effective Thanks for the help : ) The GeForce GTX 560 and Radeon HD 6870 are the best cards around the $ 180 mark .
But going a level down to the GTX 460 or Radeon HD 6850 you 'll get better bang / buck , although lower performance in terms of fps .
For medium settings ( not maxed ) a Radeon HD 6770 for $ 110 ( just $ 95 after rebate ) is pretty much an unbeatable value .
http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814500202 http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814102908 http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814131434
http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/geforce-gtx-560-amp-edition-gtx-560-directcu-ii-top,2944-8.html The Radeon 6850 and 6870 are about the most cost effective cards you 'll find .
The reason is you get more FPS for the dollar than you would with any other card .
Sure , the 6770 is cheaper but you just do n't quite get as much for the money .
On the Nvidia side , the GTX 560 gives you great performance for the dollar .
The GTX 560 and 6870 have the same amount of graphics power .
You should be able to max out Skyrim with a 6870 and a good Quad - Core processor .
I would check newegg.com for the graphics card and any other part you might need .
What is the best oil to put in my KX 85 2003 ?
The bikes engine has just been rebuilt and want the best oil that 's not to expensive .
I 'm looking for synthetic oil and links to sites will be much appreciated as i do n't know much about different oil types .
The Kawasaki KX 85 has a power valve system .
I use Bel - Ray H1R at 35:1 in my 2 - strokes with power valves .
http://www.belray.com/bel-ray-h1-r-racing-100-synthetic-ester-2t-engine-oil
Non-power valve 2 - strokes I run Bel - Ray MC1 at 50:1 .
Pee .
Works all the time .
Running workout for semi-beginner ?
I have run in the past , and I used to run a lot for distance and speed about 3 - 4 years ago .
Now , I 'm back to a semi-beginner stage because I have not run like that in so long .
However , I am in pretty good fitness shape and am able to run 20 minutes pretty easily at a moderate pace .
What 's the best weekly workout routine for me ?
I 've looked online but I ca n't seem to find anything .
I want to throw in some strengthening workouts for sure to make sure I stay strong and I prefer not to run EVERY day because I have tendonitis in my knee .
Any suggestions ?
Run 30 minutes ( take walking breaks if necessary ) every other day .
There are full body workouts on line for your strengthening , plenty you can do without weights if you do n't have them .
Push ups , squats and lunges , dips , core exercises like planks and side planks .
Hi.I would recommend running for 30 mins or walking + running first .
Start with 3 times a week .
Make sure you do have recovery / rest days included in your workout as it is important to avoid injury .
Guys !
what do you think about girls that ride motorcycles . .
rate1 - 10 plz ?
Rate on a scale 1 - 10 love girls on bikes 10 + It depends on their talent .
They can look really good in leather , but if they are rubbish on the RACE track , who cares .
Elena Myers - 10 probably 11 .
Melissa Paris Paola Cazzola Christie Cooley
All in the 9s i have been having trouble signing on to gmail for 2 weeks ?
has any one out there had the same trouble Try these , some of these may still be working : http://www.geekzu.com/10-solid-tips-to-access-blocked-gmail What would be a good song to put after boa `` eat you up '' on a mixed cd ?
Im putting together a mixed cd but im not sure what song would go well with this one .
It could be a well known song or not but as long as its upbeat .
thx dont tell that boa is kinda snake err Will 2.0 usb 's be capable on my imac with 1.1 port but with a 2.0 usb hub ?
So I have an iMac that has 1.1 usb ports .
If I plug in a 2.0 usb hub , will my iMac be capable of plugging in a 2.0 usb .
Because I have an HD PVR which only works on 2.0 usb ports .
It does n't work with just plugging it into the 1.1 usb port .
But if I plugged in a 2.0 usb port hub will it be able to work .
I am not sure if i should buy a 2.0 usb hub , that is why I am asking .
USB 2.0 is backward compatible with USB 1.0 but if the device you 're trying to connect requires the speed of USB 2.0 and will not work directly with your 1.1 port then adding a 2.0 hub wo n't make a difference .
May I ask why the HD PVR only works with 2.0 ?
Is it a power issue ?
If so , you may be able to get away with getting a powered usb hub ( one with an a / c adaptor ) and give that a shot .
Hope this helps .
How scripted is the `` Real Housewives '' ?
I was wondering if you 've read anything on how scripted they are ?
The shows have writers .
If they 've got writers , it 's scripted .
where can I watch teachas pet vybz kartel show ?
Fridays at 10PM on CVM Television ( Jamaica ) or http://www.teachaspet.com / for the uncut version !
( from anywhere in the world ) on episode 16 of farscape did John Crichton and Aeryn Sun have sex ?
Aeryn Sun did not wont to talk about last night Yes .
I love that episode .
what is a good thesis for a paper on body checking should be aloud in girls hockey ?
this is a persausive paper and i think girls should be aloud to check in hockey that it 's a positive factor , sir .
do i need a visa to go to italy if i have a south african passport ?
No visa is required .
Just show up at the airport and they will give you a stamp on your passport with a 6 month Stay Period for all of the EU .
`` Im way cooler in real life . ''
does n't know what she 's talking about Algeria and Italy are WAY on the other sides of the spectrum .
And to clarify , You 'll have 3 months in Italy if you wish to use it all , and you can only spend 6 months in the EU per year .
I think mike does n't know what hes talking about .
I think you do need a visa and if only a passport I think its would only be for 90 days .
South African citizens need visas for any length of stay .
Why does the page just go blue when I try to log in to Tumblr ?
If I click log in the page just goes blue .
Is it because of my computer ?
Or has Tumblr crashed again ?
Yeah , that was happening to me also .
It 's working now : ) Its better than going pink on you , so be happy with the blue before it turns into a black hole , then you have a problem .
How do I see who retweeted my tweets on the new twitter on pc ?
Which website is it where you can put your departing city and it has a last minute vacation deal builder on it ?
@ Luis --
The website lets you put in your departing city and you choose where you want to go , when you want to leave --
Thur , Fri or Sat , etc. thus it is a `` last minute '' vacation deal builder .
Help any ?
My answer , first provide concise specifics about what you are talking about or asking , departing city , what ? ? ?
This question is mumbo jumbo air jet , over my head .
I take it you are looking for the websites mentioned in the TV commercials with Claymation Figures Parachuting or the Guy who hosts one of the Reality TV Shows .
It could be either of the links below although Obitz specifically does the last minute thing in its commercials .
Tim Gunn , is the Reality Host who is featured in the other .
http://www.orbitz.com /
http://www.expedia.com /
Bon Vonyage .
:
D What happened to Summer Newman of Y&R ?
Nick and Phyllis 's daughter .
She just dissapeared off of the show .
probably staying with a friend ( LIKE she always does ) )
Phyllis JUST had to have Lucy and she 's NEVER around ... .
just throw both of the girls with the nanny ... .
Too bad . .
Myrna is n't the nanny !
I 'm thinking of jumping to Team Daisy ... .
AS Phyllis is making me SICK !
I was wondering also . .
i have no idea unless they already shipped her off to boarding school . .
K2 The last I heard she was suppose to go to a preschool . .
and I sure would like to know what happen to all of the kids . .
lol . .
= ) BMX bottom bracket help ?
http://www.winstanleysbmx.com/product/36215/Mongoose_Sniper_Frame_2003 what brackets size should i buy ?
http://www.winstanleysbmx.com/product/14387/Fly_Spanish_Bottom_Bracket_Cup
and is their any other cheap light frames which are better because thats from 2003 : / and i 'm putting a bmx together and its just a first one so i want it decent but not like amazing .
Mid BB
Euro threads suck American is obsolete
Look at Dan 's Comp 's website for a ton of frame options , I 've been out of the game too long to give any good specific frames .
what was the music played in bobs cafe in emmerdale last night , sounded like am gon na get that man ?
sounded like am gon na get that man , to do with Batman film I think , thought the singer was jazzy and had a name like cara ? ? ?
`` That Man '' by Caro Emerald .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFA6dEwWOb4 Tea for Two Roundhouse Camden :
What time do concerts usually finish and what time does the main act usually start ?
Thank you !
What is the Wendy Williams Word of the Day for Tues. , Nov.8 , 2011 .
My show was interrupted by local news . ?
cocktail creative title for my persuasive paper on allowing girls to check in hockey ?
Girl on Girl
That Hits the Spot
Play like a Girl Check - mate , not anymore Equality , even in violence !
trying to find this tv show ?
I wan na watch this older TV show it was TBS as shorts and it was called Blotter !
A spoof on COPS and I specifically want the episode about alien invasion and the only way they were safe was by holding an appliance , HELP !
use google What are the geographic limitations in Latin America ?
Mexico and all Central America is consider Latino .
Same goes with all of South America except for Guyana , Suriname , and French Guiana .
Some might say Brazil is not Latin America because they speak Portuguese , but this is up for discussion .
Geographic Limitation ?
the Andes , the Amazonas !
but not any more , you can fly from point to point in all Latin America , or travel to it !
Also , Panamerican Highway runs from Juarez ( north Mexico ) to Ushuaia ( South Argentina )
with the only gap in Panama , at the Canal Rain Forest ! ! !
Wt is pm n am full form ?
PM = Post Meridiem - latin for after noon
AM = Ante Meridiem - latin for before noon That is for people who stopped learning numbers above 12 ...
Ante Meridiem and Post Meridiem Does any other species besides humans pollute ?
Do any other species besides humans pollute ?
What species do ?
lol no , us humans just suck : ) cow - methane farts wreck the atmosphere
tis da truf bruv All animals intake oxygen and exhale CO2 .
all pollute .
But cows dont drive , or build factories so they pollute 60 0.000000e +00ss can anyone help me with the guitar tabs and chords of the splitavilla song ! ! ! ! ! ?
hey guys m learning guitar since 2 yrs nd i want to learn splitsvilla song by agnee ... ... .
any other song will also do but i still cant get `` B flat '' so avoid songs having this chord ! !
nd i wud like if ts a tailor swift song ! ! !
: ) plzz suggest ! !
Who do u want to win big brother ?
Wan na see who is popular ( : Alex . If the worst comes to the worst Jay Aaron 1st Im guessing you want Alex Tom or Jay to win Alex 2nd Tom 3rd Jay 4th Louise 5th Aaron Tom Alex
JayLoo last ca n't stand either of the pretendy lurvers !
Strategy for broomball playoffs tonight ?
We have broomball playoffs tonight and we 're playing the # 1 seed .
They beat us 4 - 0 last week and that is the least amount of points they scored in a game all season .
We played good defense and packed it in , but it was tough to clear the ball on them and we barely had any chances to score .
They 're really good and blocking shots and handling the ball .
Any ideas on how we should play these guys ?
My best guess would be to dump and chase a lot ?
you 're asking a question about `` broomball '' under the hockey section ?
To the above :
Broomball is basically hockey .
With brooms .
and no skates .
Why are people attracted to successful people ?
For instance , in the film The Pussycat Dolls , once the girl band achieved success , their high school enemies suddenly `` loved '' them madly but prior to their success , they made the girls ' lives unbearable ?
Why do some people behave that way ?
because they think there beter than others or more important so when you rise above there status they bow down to you because they know you are of higher stature and therefore want to be accepted by you in conclusion they are vain very insicure individuals seeking acceptance !
Its just human pshycology .
If you have no reason to be nice to someone and they hold no place in society then most people wont go out of their way to be kind to them , and then theirs a special breed of people called `` assholes '' who will go out of their way to be mean to someone for no apparent reason .
Although if someone holds a place in society the people will be nicer to the and may even go out of their way to be nice for nothing in return merly to earn points with the person in hopes of some future help or just status .
Just know that the people deemed `` assholes '' act like they do because theyre self conscious and push other people down to make themselves feel better .
Dont get caught up on it , theres not much you or anyone else can do to change them besides if you see someone being put down to go and help them out .
B / c they want to learn to become successful , or b / c they want a share of the glory and money .
Chances of me running 100m in 11 seconds ?
I am 15.5 years old , I stopped growing when I was 14 and my height is 5 ' 7 , at the moment I can run 100m in 13.7 seconds and I have my own training program but will I be able to get my time from 13.7 to 11 by the time I 'm 18 ?
What are the chances on a scale of 1 - 10 ?
10/10 if you put your mind to it , think to your self , do you really want to run it in 11 seconds , maybe you should aim for 10 seconds , cause then your gon na be pushing your self harder , anyone can be an olympic sprinter , its not genetically dispositioned , or luck , the only reason they are what they are is because they really want it , usain bolt used to run it in 12 , now hes the fastest in the world .
to be honest your quite slow AT THE MOMENT , but if that means you can keep up with someone quite fast , than your better is better than his better , isnt it ?
just keep thinking to yourself , `` my better is better than his better ! ''
0 7.5/10 good luck you can do it : ) ) how can I start model coordinator business in mumbai ?
what are the legal requirements ?
what are the precautions that I need to take ?
how can I make it a professional set - up and still rake - in decent mullah ?
What are this pop duet called . ?
There were a duet - two girls around 20 .
One a black girl with blonde hair ( i think they were blond = / ) and another Asian with long dark hair .
The Asian girl were a little chubby while black girl more thinner .
They were singing pop style songs ... or rocky pop , something like that .
That duet felt apart like one or two years ago .
They were pretty popular on all the world , their songs was on the MTV and radio pretty often .
I just ca n't remember how that duet was called .
And ca n't remember how their songs were called .
And ca n't remember any lyric of the songs .
Does somebody knows how that duet was called ?
Help !
= O what were the consequences for the mt st helen eruption ?
What are the consequences of the mt st helen eruption in 1980 A bunch of bridges were washed out on the South fork of the Toutle and Cowlitz rivers .
Harry Truman ( and his 100 cats ) got buried under hundreds of thousands of tons of mud and trees .
The Columbia river filled with mud / logs that stopped all river traffic for weeks .
Some of the mud and sand that was dredged out of the river was piled up in shallow water near the mouth of the Columbia river and became excellent nesting ground for Asian Turns that eat millions of baby salmon that are making their way to the ocean every year .
The mountain is much easier to climb now that it 's 1800 feet shorter .
Define cosequeces .
To who , or to what ?
One perosn died .
to him the consquences were high .
To me its a great please to hike because of it , to the local environment a huge increase in CO2 and a huge loss of trees but they have since gone down and grown back .
To the top of the mountain , it is now at the bottom of the mountain .
millions of downed trees.the local ecology was trashed .
thousands of animals killed .
the good news is that recovery began within weeks .
all of the downed trees were harvested by the lumber company that owned the timber .
when i was at mt.st .
Helen 's in 2001 , there were animals all over the place .
a new highway had been built in the side of the mountain .
the valley that was filled with debris was growing timber nicely .
what is another website like tube2tone ?
tube 2 tone is where you put the youtube video url on it then it turns it into a free ringtone , but i cant get away from the page that is wants me to become a premium member on ... ... what is a wesite like this with NO CHARGE ?
When will Pottermore open for everyone ?
It was supposed to open in October , but now it 's November and it still is in Beta .
When will it open for everyone ?
Unfortunately , no one knows the answer because Pottermore has not announced an updated release date .
A little over a week ago they made the following announcement :
`` Since we launched Pottermore , our one million Beta users have given us lots of amazing feedback , and we 've been collecting their thoughts and comments so that we can make Pottermore the best experience it can be before it opens to everyone .
After looking closely at all the information that we 've gathered , we have decided to further extend the Beta period so we can improve Pottermore before giving more people access .
This means the site will not be opening to new users in the immediate future , but please know that we will open registration as soon as we can .
So Pottermore will not be opening to new users just yet .
For all of you who are waiting to enter Pottermore , we want to thank you for being so patient - we 're working very hard to make some exciting improvements , and we 're really looking forward to welcoming you to the site when it 's ready .
``
It could be a while - maybe several weeks or several months .
For official news and updates on Pottermore , follow @ Pottermore on Twitter , or visit the official blog at insider.pottermore.com .
Suggest me a good site / software in which i can download TV show episodes for free ?
thepiratebay.org or kickasstorrents.com : ) : )
that 's the site i use and i find everything i want on them ^ ^ , so you would n't be sorry for using them ... go take a look : ) Hulu.com hulu , of course What happened in the last part of pretty little liars season 1 ?
I watched pretty little liars up until about the last 7 - 8 episodes as my sky planner decided not to record anything !
And season 2 is starting soon but do n't want to watch it without knowing what happened at the end of season 1 , I basically know what happened at monas birthday party and after that I do n't know what happened , will someone please explainnn : ) Is segmentation based on race unethical ?
Would your answer change if segmentation were by gender ?
Where is nicest and safest place to live in montreal , quebec , canada ?
Hello , I was thinking of studying in Montreal , Quebec , Canada and I was wondering which part of montreal is the safest and nice a place to live .
Any advice would be great .
Thank you .
area where has almost everything near by .
mall , walmart , metro , etc. at the same time not a too nosy neighborhood .
As with most cities , there are nice neighbourhoods and not as nice neighbourhoods .
These areas often ( but not always ) are based on how much money people are paying for rent or real estate to live there .
Some of the highest property prices are in the cities of Westmount and Mont Royal .
Old Montreal is expensive because many of the buildings are loft style condos and in high demand , plus you are living in the heart of Montreal .
Areas that tend to be a little more run down are Point St. Charles , parts of Verdun , Cote St. Paul , and Cote - Des - Neiges .
Crime in Montreal tends to happen more along the blue subway line , especially toward the west end in the Snowdon and Cote - Des - Neiges district .
But quite frankly , Montreal is probably one of the safest cities to be in , even after dark .
I would have no hesitation to walk down to the corner store at night if I needed something .
Just maybe would not go down any dark alleys ... common sense prevails .
You can also choose to live off the island and commute in .
There are several commuter trains , a subway , and many buses that come in from both the south and north shore suburbs .
If you are a student going to attend a university here , you can check on availability of any on - campus residences .
Otherwise , I 'd suggest places like Verdun if you want a small apartment , or look at the Plateau or NDG area if considering a place with a roommate .
Well , you are talking about Canada here .
There are probably NO AREAS , anywhere that are NOT safe and NOT nice .
The question for you is to find a place that suits you best when you study .
Therefore , for practical reasons , the nearer your College or University , the more pleasant for you , avoiding long transit times .
Alternatively , you focus on areas which have pedestrian access to Metro , allowing you quick commutes .
Your best bet for finding places is NOT to put your question here , but to chat with the administration office , they will have lots of ideas of where to seek lodging .
BTW , going in , you are likely to stay in residence for the first year , totally negating any need to seek outside accommodation
You will have a good time in Montral , enjoy your study time there .
Almost all of Montreal is quite safe .
What is `` nice '' depends on what you prefer .
Montreal is vibrant .
Do you wish to live where there are lots of urban activity and places to go like the plateau area or do you wish a quiet just residential neighbourhood ? ?
You need to define .
What is the song ch ch ch ch chuy what do you do do do do to me ... ?
I just heard a few seconds of this song and I really want to know what it is ...
Someone told me a group called Ohio sings it but I ca n't find it anywhere so I do n't think that 's right ... it was a fast song , maybe an oldies song .
The part of the lyrics I heard was `` chu chu chu chu chuy ( pronounced Chewie ) what do you do do do do to me ...
UGH if anyone can help I 'd be so very appreciative : ) Thanks !
Can someone help me figure out what the name of this song is ?
( just a heads up this is a chinese song so i do n't know how many of you will be able to help me )
it 's old , maybe around the ' 60s , by some chick who i think is from hong kong however the song is in mandarin .
in the music video she 's chillin on and around a boat , i think the video was shot in japan .
it 's really catchy and the singer used to be fairly popular .
i know this is pretty ridiculous but if anyone can actually tell me what the name of this song is i will be so fucking thankful .
I am not sure which song you are looking for .
Teresa Teng is a famous singer at that time .
Here is one of her songs .
http://www.singchinesesongs.com/sing.php?singid=41 can i add effects to Skype ?
I 've seen people i chat with make their face turn into a wolf , or a clown , funny backgrounds that are not standard on my macbook ... how do they do this ?
what can i download to do this ?
Have the Muppets ever been to China ?
A debate between myself and the roommate .
No. Not yet .
I need immediate help in guitar ? ! ? ! ?
All right , i have my guitar lesson on thursday , i have to go to class and my teacher gave me a persian song called `` Elahe Naz '' it means the goddess of love .
i have only practiced half of it and i cant go any further because it 's hard .
my sister wont help me either , i dunno why .
she nags a lot when i tell her to practice with me .
any way , can ANYONE please give me `` Elahe Naz '' on guitar pro ?
i need it immediately , and if i do n't get the link this question will be useless .
i need it until tomorrow .
please , help me , do you have any links to download it for guitar pro ?
ps please do n't write spammy or rude comments .
If I eat ears everyday , can I get as big as Mike Tyson ?
you need a balanced diet so throw in some noses as well . .
Yes troll harder next time ...
Westwind --
Shoe Makers ?
Hi .
I have a pair of Westwind shoes which I have been wearing for about 2 months and they have developed very large cracks in the soles and are letting in water .
I have searched but ca n't find any contact details or websites for the company .
Would anyone know any way of contacting them about this ?
I remember where I bought them , but I doubt going to them would do much good .
I do not like letting people go for charging me money for absolute sh !
t products .
THANKS It 's good you remember where you bought them as your contract is not with the manufacturer but with the shop that sold them to you .
Under the Sale of Goods Act products should be fit for purpose and should last a reasonable amount of time which these shoes do not .
Take them back to the shop with your receipt or other proof of purchase and ask for a refund .
If they refuse you can then sue them through the small claims court which you can do online .
For expert advice go to www.consumerdirect.com which was set up instead of Trading Standards .
They will tell you your exact rights and how to handle this .
How to get inside Dell Inspiron One 19 ?
Its a Dell All in one desktop , not touchscreen .
How to get inside to replace graphics card ?
its not a touchscreen .
you can not change graphics card in that .
It use the same mobile varients of components solderd on motherboard which are used in a laptop , plust it dont have any pci - e slot to hook ur graphics card .
Plus its impossible to find a mobile varient of graphics card to fit in that .
at best probably you will be able to change / upgrade ram .
You ca n't fit in there !
You also ca n't change the `` graphics card '' , there is n't one .
The graphics are handled by an IC on the motherboard .
Out of these 5 starting pitchers , who would u prefer the Yankees sign ?
Mark Buerhle , Roy Oswalt , CJ Wilson , Yu Darvish , Edwin Jackson
I say Buerhle and Oswalt .
Inexpensive with experience and leadership .
Buerhle .
I think he has the right makeup to have success in New York .
Remember , we are n't looking for a # 1 starter , we are looking for a # 2 or 3 ( depending on how Nova shapes up in his follow up to his stellar rookie year ) .
Most people are talking about Wilson , and that 's fine .
Regardless , there is a pretty good crop of # 2 starters out there to choose from .
Signing Sabathia was key .
With that , the pitchers left on the market are fine to fill the Yankees needs .
There will be questions in their rotation no matter what , but they have a good chance to solidify it at least better than it was last season .
Buerhle and maybe Jackson .
Since I 'm not a Yankees fan , I would prefer thay sign none of those .
Is sediment causing sea level rise ?
I have read several articles on the reasons behind sea level rise .
None of them mentioned sedimentation as one of the causes .
I would think sedimentation would be an important factor .
Can you point me to an article that considers this issue ?
All the sea life dies on a regular basis .
Dead sea life must also be part of sedimentation that has been going on for millions of years .
The basis of sea life is photosynthesis much like land plants , so it does not come strictly from river run off .
It seems the research should be in studying the sedimentation itself on the sea floor rather than looking at river related sedimentation .
With modern deep subs , that should be pretty easy to do .
It 's a very valid point that you make and contrary to other responses , the amount of global sedimentation is known and is taken into account when working with sea - levels .
The first global estimates were calculated by Philip Henry Kuenen in 1950 and he estimated that the total annual mass of sediments washed into the seas and oceans was 32.5 gigatonnes ( billion tons ) .
Kuenen overestimated the suspended sediment yields in many of the world 's rivers and many subsequent studies have arrived at values typically between 15 and 20 gigatonnes per year .
But what we need to take into account is that land is n't only being destroyed , it 's being created as well .
As such there is a quasi equilibrium when it comes to sea - levels and geological processes .
Consider that the first rains on Earth began falling some 3.8 billion years ago .
If sedimentary deposition from streams and rivers held at 20 gigatons per year then all told some 57 quintillion tonnes of our planet has , at one time or another , been washed into the oceans .
The total mass of the planet is 6.2 sextillion tonnes and therefore the equivalent of just under 1.00 % ( by mass ) of the planet has been eroded into sediments .
In reality , it 's often the same rocks that keep being formed and eroded again ; if it were n't then the first 120km of Earth 's surface would have been eroded ( this would be the entire crust of the Earth and halfway into the upper mantle as well ) .
Thankfully there is a cycle of destruction and formation and our planet does have a crust upon which we all live .
Even if there were no cycle and rocks simply eroded into the sea and no new rocks or land were formed , the amount of sedimentation is small in comparison to the mass of ice that 's lost each year from the Arctic and Antarctic .
Sediments are more dense than water , typically they 're about 2,100kg per cubic metre .
20 gigatonnes of sediments would have a volume of about 10 billion cubic metres .
The mass of ice that melts each year in the polar regions averages 550 gigatonnes per year .
Water has a density of 1g per cm³ and therefore the volume of water that melts from the polar regions each year is about 550 billion cubic metres .
In other words , there 's more than 50 times the volume of water entering the seas and oceans each year as there are sediments .
And this is n't even allowing for any new geological formation of land .
Furthermore , the displacement by sediments of water would increase the mass burden on the underlying land which would lead to deformation as the liquid mantle were displaced .
This would actually lower the level of the seas and oceans .
You asked for an article that considers this issue , the second link below is to a publication that does just that , in a simple and straightforward manner .
P H Kuenen : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip_Henry_Kuenen
Erosion and Sediment Yield :
A Global Overview : http://iahs.info/redbooks/a236/iahs_236_0003.pdf
Material Densities : http://www.simetric.co.uk/si_materials.htm
Current Sea Level Rises : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Current_sea…
- - - - - - - -
EDIT :
TO JIM Z
Do I pretend to know about loss of ice from the polar regions ?
With all due respect , I 've been there several times , I 've measured it , studied it , analysed it , written about it and taught it .
I suspect your knowledge of polar ice is somewhat lacking by comparison .
You claim I stated that ice is melting at a given rate ?
In case you misread it , what I actually said was that the ice is melting at an AVERAGE of 550 gigatonnes per year .
If I 'd have wanted to I could have avoided using averages and instead used only the recent data from NASA which shows the rate of melting as being about a teratonne per year , almost double the figure I used ( do NASA also pretend to know what they 're doing ? )
.
http://www.nasa.gov/images/content/41668… http://www.nasa.gov/topics/earth/feature…
You are correct to state that the upper mantle is n't liquid , it is , as you know , pressurised rock in a state of fluid plasticity .
- - - - - - -
EDIT 2 :
TO JIM
I 'm sorry that I have the facts and expertise on my side and all you appear to have are insults .
If you were able to counter what I 'd said you would n't need to resort to schoolyard tactics .
Know when you 're defeated and gracefully back down .
sedimentaion would only be a problem if our atmosphere was full dust and it somehow all landed only in the ocean displacing the water .
Sediment from run off and vast amounts of dust settling on land would only build more land thus making it appear as if the ocean level was lowering .
the only cause of sea level rise is the melting of the polar ice caps .
You are absolutely correct .
Rivers dump tons and tons of sediment into the oceans every year .
Of course you also have to add the tons of trash dumped into the oceans where the deep sea is used much like a landfill .
Add the tons of debris dumped into the oceans from ocean going ships , dust blown into the oceans from the land etc.
Flat out ignoring this would of course scew the data and possibly significantly so .
No I havev not seen this included or accounted for in any studies released thus far .
Where can I watch Dragons Den season 6 ?
for free ?
I want to watch season 6 episode 6 + ca n't find it anywhere .
Do you guys know where I can stream it ?
So you know Naruto Episode 235 ?
What is the song at 19:12 ( ala narutoget ) with the violin duet ?
UPDATE :
Ok , it 's not Samidare , Guren or Utsuseme , though those are all good guesses .
This song is n't on the Official Naruto Shippuden Soundtrack !
I know the episode was silly filler , but I do n't care .
I want to know the song name !
I think it 's one of the most beautiful and simple songs that I 've heard in Naruto !
Someone has got to know its name !
The name of the soundtrack is ( Setting Sun ) in English and the soundtrack number is 17 .
Where to go if you have 1 day in Northwest Germany ?
I am going to Aachen Germany for a business trip .
I will be done on Friday and fly back to the USA on Sunday so I will have Saturday free .
My German boss suggested a 2 hour train ride to Paris Friday night .
While I am very interested in seeing Paris , one day hardly seems like I could do much of anything .
Although eating in a Paris cafe sounds wonderful .
I will be flying out of Frankfurt so that is also an option .
It is also very close to Belgium and The Netherlands .
Any ideas for me ?
While I think that Chefao has a `` best Answer , '' I want to elaborate it somewhat to assist you more :
Since you are flying out of Frankfurt , you should take a train first from Aachen to Cologne , as the beautiful , famous Cathedral is right next to the train station .
You can not miss it .
Although you will enjoy part of the Rhine River cruise , I have learned that it takes forever going south , as the river goes north , and the boat is going very slowly against current .
After you see the cathedral , ask the Tourist Office in the Cologne train station whether you can take a scenic train ride down the Rhein , maybe getting off the train at Boppard , which is a beautiful little town , and then take a boat from there down to St. Goar , which is another beautiful little town on the Rhein .
Both Rhein towns have wonderful little shops with interesting things to buy as soveneirs of your trip .
Then you can get back on the train to Wiesbaden .
Spend a half hour walking through the garden across the street from the Wiesbaden train station , which will take you to some beautiful buildings .
If you love clothes and have the money to spend , then you will be amazed at how beautiful the clothes are in the store windows in Wiesbaden .
This is a close train ride to the Frankfurt airport , so you can decide then whether you want to stay overnight in Wiesbaden or go on into Frankfurt ( about 1/2 hr ) .
From Wiesbaden to the airport could be a whole hour .
Google both Wiesbaden and Frankfurt to get an idea of what you might see on Saturday night .
Have fun !
P.S .
The cheapest train ticket will be the NRW Karte ( North Rhein Westphalia Karte ) of about 26 Euro for the day , which will get you most of the way from Aachen .
When you cross the border into Hessen , however , the Hessen Karte will cost 13,50 Euro all the way to the airport .
You have to ask specifically for these tickets by name , as the ticket agents at the counter will sell you higher - priced tickets if you do not know and ask for these specials by name .
I would suggest Maastricht .
It 's a beautiful town very close to Aachen in the Netherlands .
There is a direct bus that connects both cities and trip trip takes about 40 minutes one way .
It is operated by the Veolia bus line .
If you walk out main entrance of the Bahnhof train station in Aachen , the busstop is on the left at the main street .
The other option is to visit Liege in Belgium .
It is an old industrial city .
So it is not as pretty as Maastricht , but it does have a lot of history and with a good guide book , one should be able to find some of its hidden charms , liked the tucked away parks in the hills that offer nice views of the city in the valley below .
By train it 's a little over 20 minutes away from Aachen .
Have you been to Germany before ?
I would certainly see Germany before venturing off to Paris or Brussels or even Amsterdam .
Unless you have some sort of bucket list wish to smoke a joint legally in Amsterdam .
Other than that - Koblenz is a really cool town not too far from Aachen .
A drive along the Mosel River stopping at the wineries is a great day out .
A boat ride along the Rhein - all day on Saturday from Koeln south to Koblenz ( passing by Remagen of Bridge at Remagen fame http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064110 / ) .
Koeln itself is a great town with one of the best cathedrals in all of Europe .
Duesselforf just to the north is also a pretty good launching spot for a Rhein river cruise .
Plenty to do and a shame you only have 24 hours to do it .
Beefy beefy porky goaty , do people in India want to eat meat ?
Do u eat cows and goats in secret ?
No thanks .
I am vegetarian .
No , we are vegetarian here .
Nickelodeons `` Victorious '' Question ?
During the episode `` Cats New Boyfriend '' there 's a song in the background during the kickback while Cat and Danny are dancing .
Does anybody know what the song is called ?
Im not certain who the music artist is , but I know the song is called `` Raise The Beat '' Which is the best site for starting a blog except for blogger.com ?
google asks for my cell phone number and i am not comfortable in giving out my number .
tumblr !
if you do n't want to use advertising and want to make it simple then the best choice is WordPress.com President Roosevelt introduced his `` New Deal '' by asking Congress to pass 15 pieces of legislation within his ?
first 15 days in office .
Which one of the following statements is not correct concerning FDR 's first New Deal ?
a. The first piece of legislation to be passed established a four - day banking holiday .
b. The Banking Act accomplished several purposes , one of which was the establishment of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation which guarenteed personal bank depostis up to $ 25,000 .
c. There were several pieces of legislation passed for farmers , including the Agricultural Adjustment Act and the Farm Credit Act .
d. Several public works projects were initiated with the passage of the Civilian Conservation Corps and the Tennessee Valley Authority Act .
Why did India let WI use filtered rain water and a tampered ball in the first innings but not the second ?
Did you know even if India win the series by a whitewash they only get 2 points , which wont happen at this rate LOL .
is it possible pacquiao does not want to fight mayweather ?
Jazz ( NYC ) :
Team Mayweather has come out and flat out said that they want to make the `` biggest fight '' to be made in the sport after Arum says openly that Pacquiao has been OK with full randomized testing .
Now suddenly Arum is stating the Mayweather and his team are trying to dictate venue because they reserved the MGM Grand , and that they 're doing this and that .
I never liked your position but I 'm starting to truly feel that Arum and / or Team Pacquiao are the ones who do n't want this fight .
What are your thoughts about this trash ?
Vivek W. ( ESB ) :
The drug issue has been made to be the main plot , but their are so many subplots lying under the radar that honestly , it just all stinks .
Questionable feats have made some look at Pacquiao and question `` how so '' ?
, but beyond that lies a ton of other questions and every time Arum acts the way he did recently , it just reminds me that we may in fact NEVER see this fight take place .
If Arum and Team Pacquiao truly wanted this fight , they would have responded quite differently .
Instead we got another conditional agreement that says a bunch of things that still do n't add up .
For starters , Arum is still speaking of the fact that Pacquiao will need to be able to do a great deal of his training in the Philippines , making this an issue that creates a wedge in how the testing is done and run .
How is this even an issue when Pacquiao 's own trainer , Freddie Roach has practically begged him to train in the U.S. for the full camp to cut back on distractions for literally all of their mega-fights ?
Then there 's the issue surrounding the cutoff point , then there 's this , then there 's that !
Bottomline , Arum and his fighters camp has not accepted the terms of this fight unconditionally , and that 's not to say that they should , but it is to say that they all need to stop telling fans they have , because they have n't .
Not even close .
People continue to say that Mayweather does n't want the fight .
I wo n't say he definitively say he does , but there 's one way to find out :
Accept the given terms of the fight and start training .
Period .
Until they do this , I maintain my position that both men are at fault , not just the one fans love to hate .
http://www.eastsideboxing.com/news.php?p=29779&more=1 I think if Bob Arum truly wanted to make this fight it would have happened the first time .
No he went and found another opponent really quick like he had already planned to have Pacquiao fight Clottey .
Now team Mayweather , more specifically , Leonard Ellerbe said that Floyd will fight again on May 5th and will try to make the biggest fight possible .
Will it happen ?
Who knows but Bob Arum 's reaction tells me that he does not want the fight .
If he wanted the fight he would say `` Terrific .
Now if all goes well November 12th , we can try to make the fight happen . ''
but no that was the complete opposite of his reaction .
He was trippin ' about the date and the arena being picked when they most likely would have chosen May 5th and the MGM Grand anyway .
Yes its possible ... but its more probable that Mayweather is the one ducking hi , Jeff :
the whole situation is simple =
* Freddie / Pacman has given interviews they will oblige to random testing , all the way .
Ellerbe has given Floyd Jr 's position to fight ( but i hope they wont change the `` lil'man '' to `` big'man '' ) .
what 's next then ?
... a global public acceptance for both fighter 's camp ?
PROBABLY YES , AND DEFINITELY A MUST , IN ORDER THAT , the camp that makes a turn - around and does `` side - trip '' conditions again is the true liar and does not have the will to make the fight happen .
on Manny Pacman Pacquiao 's side , i could pulse - beat Manny Pacman , who in recent months has publicly stated he will abide by Floyd team 's request for a random testing all the way , is dying to meet Floyd Jr on `` date suggested '' and on `` venue stated '' by Ellerbe .
and listen up you all boxing fans , the POINT OF EARS AND ATTENTION NOW is to UNCLE BOB 's ala - lady - like RESPONSES .
Bob Arum , despite his past unpleasant relations and not in good terms experiences with Floyd Jr while in his rising up star - era , MUST AND BE BRAVE ENOUGH TO ACCCEPT THE FAIR TERMS ( I HOPE IT IS FOR BOTH MANNY AND FLOYD JR ) THAT MUST BE NEGOTIATED ON THE TABLE .
as i can see , Manny , Freddie and his tech team are actually controlled by Bob ...
pulse - beat-wise , that feeling as i could analyze the team Pacquiao - BOB TALKS BEFORE MANNY FIGHTS ...
I HOPE THIS WOULD CHANGE NEXT TIME :
BOB TALKS ... . .
FROM MANNY 'S OWN WORDS .
nuff said !
jj kepweng jun RIYADH Can anyone send me a pinterest invite ?
They say I 'm on a ' waiting ' list but it 's been days and I 'd really like to be able to access the site .
Sorry I am not a member , so I ca n't .
I think you 'll probably have to wait a little longer .
I 've been waiting like two months now and still have n't gotten in .
You are now invited to Pinterest .
There ya go sweetie Can one of you send me an invite too ?
I 'm DYING to be on pinterest !
A computer `` crash dump '' problem !
How do I solve this ?
I have an HP desktop computer with Windows Vista .
In the past 2 or 3 weeks , my computer 's been going through this problem of `` Crash Dumping '' , whereby a blue screen pops up with so many random numbers & alphabets stringed together that I can not decipher ( since I 'm NOT computer literate ) .
The blue screen would usually pop up a couple of minutes after I open up Internet Explorer to surf the net .
Most of the time , whenever the blue screen pops up , the computer restarts itself , and the whole process of `` Crash Dump '' gets repeated once again every few minutes I 've been surfing the net .
I would go through this tediously for umpteen times until the computer finally settles down & crash dumps less often & had longer intervals with each usage .
However , there are times when the Crash Dump becomes more of a frustrating problem when the computer just refuses to restart .
I 'd sometimes have to turn off the computer for a few minutes before turning it back on again .
I got so enraged one time that I had the urge to throw my computer half - way across the living room .
Anyways , how can I eradicate this Crash Dump problem on my computer once and for all .
Step - by - step please !
Thanks !
Shut it down .
Open it up .
Spray it out w / a can of compressed air .
Spray off all the components , esp the CPU heat sink fins .
Spray out the power supply .
Re-seat your memory by carefully taking them out of their sockets about a 1/4 of an inch , and then put them back in .
Power it on with the case open and confirm all your fans are working .
If it still crashes , shut it down , take out half your memory ( if you can ) , run it a bit , then swap the memory that is in and out .
Did rina suzuki joined in some dramas before ?
if yes then give me the title . .
hehe What i mean is . .
did she already became an actress ?
in some Japanese Dramas ? ! ! ? !
What social conflicts are there in education or family ?
What social conflicts are therein the education system ?
What are some conflicts when it comes to the family or family structure ?
From the educational system you receive more information than from the household and plus information that you never heard of before .
Help finding a good song ?
?
I 'm looking for 2 songs preferrably not country to dance to with each of my parents ...
What would be a good song to dance to with my mom ?
And with my dad ?
In My Daughter 's Eyes - Martina McBride http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72uUzYqa4xA
I Just Love You - Five For Fighting http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZ3L-5o3VuQ ' Childhood is socially constructed ' What does this mean ?
What does it mean on Facebook when you find someone ( they dont know you at all ) , but you have ?
no chance to even send them a message or add as a friend .
I found an old friend from years ago , but unlike all my other friends this person has no icon which says add as friend or even message .
Why does it do this ?
and how can I reach them .
They 've made their settings so that their profile is truly private ; only friends can send a message and no one can add them , they have to add you .
The only real way to reach them through FB is to know someone that knows them and ask them to send a message on your behalf .
my favorites are missing ?
I have XP , I think IE 6 or 7 , use Yahoo usually for my email , Outlook Express is acting funny since I downloaded a supermalware program that may have deleted uncorrupted files and cookies ...
It now asked me if I wanted to use Internet Explorer as my default browser , I clicked yes , now I ca n't get my favorites box to drop down .
I use it all the time , it has my websites that I always use on it .
How can I change the default setting back to yahoo ( or perhaps google ) and / or get my favorites back ? ?
thank you very much for your help .
If u charge a fee , nevermind , I have Geeksquad coming tomorrow .
thanks Do you think the city of Pittsburgh should build the Penguins a new stadium that would also feature slots ?
Υup .
To replace the one year old arena ?
Not likely .
given how much money the city spent on that new one , absolutely not , unless the franchise plans on reimbursing the city every penny of public funding used to finance it and build the second one using only private funds .
How to prevent Global Warming ?
and what shall we do ?
How to Prevent Global Warming ?
A warm earth is good .
If we could choose , wisdom would choose warmer .
But we ca n't , so just adapt .
Changes will happen slowly enough that we can .
To prevent global warming it is going to take all of us working together .
Simple things like using natural resources for our energy , only running the dishwasher when it 's full , using energy saving light bulbs and the like .
The current warming trend is a natural cycle caused by the Sun. We can send all of our money to Al Gore but that wo n't change a thing .
Yes , the globe has warmed over the last several decades but it was not human caused , we do n't control it , nor are we able to .
Here is a couple of videos to watch to learn much more :
The Great Global Warming Swindle http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaTJJCPYhlk
Global Warming Doomsday Called Off http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3309910462407994295 #
-- -- -- -- --
What do you think of my singing ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgJBZR7Sc0s I think you are great ! ! !
: ) Keep posting stuff and I will stay tuned to listen .
I think the song choice was perfect for your voice !
What do you think of my stuff ?
My friend and I just started doing some recording .
We are trying to get as many views as possible !
We would love your feedback !
This is our recording of `` Slow Dancing In A Burning Room '' by John Mayer .
On a scale of 1 - 10 how do you think it sounds ?
If you like the video please subscribe to our channel and like the video and we will be posting many videos to come .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Og_7m8q-lrw
Thanks ! !
And I hope this helps ! ! !
Your really good ! ! !
Do I need ' Compatibility Pack for the 2007 Office System ' on my computer ?
I do n't know what it is .
I already have it , I just need to know if I need it because it takes up disk space and I want to delete it Not needed ... until someone sends you a file made w / MS Office 2010 .
download it its for xml compatibility between 2007 n 20010 Not needed .
Getting paid for Facebook `` Likes '' ?
I heard from a friend that I can get paid each time someone likes my Facebook Fan Page .
Is this true ?
I 've searched all around online , and I see websites that pay you for liking pages , but none that pay you for the likes you receive .
Sounds too goo to be true .
And girls got bbm what 's your pin I 'm 17 ?
Gmail question Archive mail Deleted ?
Please help ! ! ?
So if you want to save mail on Gmail , you have to ARCHIVE it , right ?
So this means that these mails will not be in the inbox , BUT where do I find these e-mails ?
It sees to look under `` All Mail '' , but I have like 1,000 e-mails !
How would I EASILY be able to find the archived mail ?
Also , once they 've been archived , is there any way for them to be deleted ?
I am afraid that they will get deleted .
Thanks !
Archive in gmail means delete look in the trash What was invented first - Computer or Operating System ?
If computer then how would it run without OS ?
And if OS first then what was its function without computer ?
Actually it was the computer .
Though it was mechanical and the operated preset functions based on gears , switches , ect .
There was n't any software .
Eventually it evolved to no longer need those and the first o / s as we know them were essentially replicating those basic logic functions in the forms of transistors instead of switches .
What was invented first - Computer or Operating System ?
Charles Babbage or Bill Gates ?
Twitter account is suspended ?
Last night my twitter was not working , now checked and its suspended .
I did n't receive no email regarding my suspension .
How do i get it back ?
i think its because i got a spam mention and i RT it Who is the singer of `` in the air tonight '' on the first episode of Allen Gregory ?
There are some girls singing and then a guy raps the song .
It 's in 19:30 .
BTW , it 's not Phil Collins .
It 's not Nonpoint .
Its made by Joshua Sitron and produced by Tommy Faragher
Good luck finding it though .
I 've looked everywhere Its probably the cover Nonpoint did .
Can I get in serious trouble for making a fake Facebook account ?
So here 's the deal , I 've had the account for less than 3 days and now it 's deactivated .
So I made it to do a personal research and I might write an article about it .
So what I did was make an account using my cousins first name and using the most common indian last name .
Then I picked my highschool and picked a random place on the map and said that 's where I am from .
I wanted to see how and what peoples reactions are to a new comer in a school and how people treat them .
I found that it all depends on personality , and other things but let 's not get into that .
So I friended 35 people , and these people are my actual friends in real life .
So I made up a story for this account that I 'm from a different state and I 've been home schooled and ect , NO REAL INFO .
idk and I doubt I was impersonating anyone or using real info .
So here 's the thing , one of my friends is super smart and he found out I was the one who made the fake Facebook account because of my style of talking but he 's not completely sure it 's me .
I also talked to another friend asking like who 's max or who 's Tyler , even though they are one of my really good friends in life so all she said was oh they are one of my friends , nothing personal ! !
Can I get in trouble for asking who the person is even though they are one of my good friend ?
So he told me that he 's gon na report it to the school board and cops and now I 'm scared that I 'm going to get arrested !
Will I get in trouble and what kind of trouble ?
This was nit done for a bad intention or anything negative !
Please help me I am really scared ! !
Can i get suspended for this or expelled ?
I heard from a friend , more than 2 people already reported this to the principal , should I stay quiet , fuss up , or what ?
I am not one of those people who are in standard or academic classes , I take AP courses and Honors .
It 's your right to do what you want .
There are many false facebook accounts out there .
There is no malice or ill intent , and no reason for the school to get you in trouble as long as you are not using school property or time to do it .
Even if you were , I doubt there would be any serious consequences .
I once defended 300 female Jews from an SS force with a fork No you ca n't get in trouble .
It 's not against the law .
But if your really scared then you should delete the account if you want .
I 'm looking for a PS3 like USB Gamepad for my PC , help me ?
Straight to the point .
I 'm looking for a USB plugin gamepad controller , that is very close to the PS3 style , and i want to be able to use it on my PC for games like SKYRIM , Fallout , ect .
Does anyone know where i can find one , and one that is good ?
There are a variety of these .
However , one of the best and most supported pads for PC games is the Xbox360 controller for Windows pad .
Although the layout is slightly different most games have this pad already configured by default .
England is # 1 in tests and t20 , why did n't they use a rain water / duke ball for Aus / Sri Lanka / SA / Pak ?
Cuz these teams are better ? !
Do n't u think ?
P.S - Im feeling for beef , brb going to India for cow meat .
India lost 8 - 0 LOL u stupid ?
Answers like Albert 's are just plain ignorant .
The England test team has not played in India yet .
Are these people mad ?
or are they just desperately grabbing at any sort of victory ?
INDIA IS MILES BETTER WE WON U IN INDIA SO SHUT UP WHOAH !
We Proved That Without Using Rain Water / duke ball We WON .
WHAT COMPUTER SHOULD I GET ?
I will probably have 400 - 500 to spend at christmas and I want to get a new gaming computer .
It has to be able to run games like gta4 ... .
battlefield3 ... . .
Saints row the third ... ...
SMOOTHLY !
I preferably want a laptop because I use my computer away from the house a bit please provide links and the best answer will get 10pts You wont find a good gaming laptop for that price . .
spending that on a self built desktop would give you a better gaming experience . .
laptops are never meant for gaming , gaming laptop ' is just a marketing hype .
Even if you spend on most expensive ' gaming laptop ' , it will not outperform cheapest desktop .
* for that budget you can have a midrange desktop that will give you decent gaming perfomance plus a cheap but capble of evreything other than gaming laptop for your work on the go .
how to get followers in twitter ?
i newly started a twitter account . .
user name is LHplaza ... email is loveshorehealthplaza@yahoo.com . .
how can i get new followers hi dear If you want more twitter followers then you can create a account here http://twiends.com and you can increase followers .
and you can find on twitter and send request ... ... ...
You can use services like TWIENDS to get followers in twitter use this service , no password needed .
Why would it be unethical to put a Neanderthal clone in the womb of a modern woman instead of a chimp ?
Why would it be unethical ?
I do n't think it would be , if the woman was a willing participant ( like a scientist ) .
However , it MIGHT be unethical to bring a Neanderthal into a world where there is NOBODY who looks like him or her !
They 'd be subject to all kinds of attention , curiosity , possibly discrimination and maybe even medical experiments !
That 's unethical .
It 'd be pretty cool , though !
It would certainly be unethical to put it in a chimp womb not to mention idiotic .
They are extremly closely related to us .
We do n't have the technology to do it now but it wo n't be too long when something like this may be possible .
If they do that , what next , a Denosovan ?
It would sure be an interesting experiment but it would n't be ethical to treat the Neanderthal as if it were zoo subject in my opinion .
It is too close to human .
It is human .
no , a woman volunteer would be more ethical than a chimp , b / c she knows what is happening to her , while a chimp will be tricked into thinking the baby is its own .
BB Will another fake to win this year ?
We 've had Pete `` exaggerates his Tourettes and swears on cue '' Bennett , Brian `` not really a yoghurt top putting on being thick '' to win top Belo , or Josie `` of course its a real romance Gibson please can we have a genuine person win this year , not Alex , Jay or Louise !
I think Tom is pretty real too Blue , he 's not afraid to tell it how he sees it and like Aaron has no previous showbiz , RTV or modeling connections - apart than these two and Harry all the other HMs have .
Nanny I did n't mention Rachel , let alone claim she was fake !
how i met your mother : why did marshall fill his briefcase with food in episode 6x24 ?
how i met your mother why did marshall fill his briefcase with food 6x24 where he thought he was going to fall sick coz ' of the soup ?
Why are n't '' Lulu , `` '' Keke , `` '' Jack `` and '' Rosemary `` banned from this site ?
Not only are they terrible trolls and spammers , they ca n't even formulate a sensible sentence .
Lily too That 's another of the aliases .
No , you do NOT have a right to do what you are doing here .
You know NOTHING about golf and are only here to try to sell stuff .
Exploiting the community Yahoo! Answers is a place to gain knowledge , not customers , page views , or dates .
If you have years of experience in something , have a special hobby , own your own business , or if you are a knowledge partner , it 's OK to accompany a good , on - topic answer with a link to your website , blog , or email to offer more information .
However , it is not OK to post links that are unrelated to the topic or are clearly meant only to solicit others for personal and financial gain .
Agree with you and do n't know why .
There are a few other names and I believe it may be the same person opening several accounts .
Good Luck Jon , perhaps they or him / her know someone at Yahoo .
I thought the community rules prevented such nonsense .
Spartawo ...
I report them all the time to no result .
It 's rather annoying .
Finn ( 22 ) can bowl faster than both ( they only have 2 ) of India 's fastest bowlers , your thoughts ?
actually i watched Finn v Yadav in the last ODI in India and Yadav actually bowled faster than Finn on average im not saying hes faster but he was on that day but what im saying is these 2 new guys have got potential to be fast , im a true fan of Finn hes a true fast bowler of the old school style loveit aggressive , ishant is very similar i think tall and skinny , but give the new 2 boys a chance its there first outing No , Finn is just another kiddy .
Sachin Tendulkar can bat better than England 's best batters ( they only have few ) Do you think we can sing ?
!
Please take a look at our video !
It would mean the whole wide world to is ! !
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jowizk91OXg Please , like comment and subscribe it will mean so much ! ! !
Thank you !
:
D Hell epe . !
Wow , I was really impressed .
And I really like the piano .
The song choice was perfect for yals voices .
Keep on posting .
I thought it was great .
What do you think of my video ?
My friend and I just started doing some recording .
We are trying to get as many views as possible !
We would love your feedback !
This is our recording of `` Slow Dancing In A Burning Room '' by John Mayer .
On a scale of 1 - 10 how do you think it sounds ?
If you like the video please subscribe to our channel and like the video and we will be posting many videos to come .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Og_7m8q-lrw
Thanks ! !
Where can I buy cheap personalized gifts online that you can just buy one ?
In Canada .
I hate the minimum rule .
What if I only want to buy one or two ? ?
Thanks !
http://www.lacompras.com/personalized-gift
try lacompras.com www.thingstoremember.com
I buy there all the time ... affordable Good Martial Art Combo ?
A good Martial art Combo ,
Karate and Taekwondo Karate and Muay thai Karate and Jiu - Jitsu
Taekwondo and Muay thai Taekwondo and Jiu - Jitsu
Jiu - Jitsu and Muay thai if you train right you only need one style all karate styles , most kung fu , tkd , japanese jujutsu and many others are well rounded and conatin both striking and grappling as well as stand up and ground .
traditional styles dont differentiate between them unlike modern sports Believe i just posted on you 're other question : )
Take BJJ and muay thai .
It is good to have a ground game as well as stand up skills and trust me , eventually you will want to branch out even more and learn all facets of the sport .
Are you looking to compete in a cage or looking for self defense ?
Why do you have to combine them ?
It is usually better to learn one art at a time at least until you have attained at least some mastery of one , say 2nd or 3rd degree black belt .
Quality instruction and your dedication to practice are what matters , not what you call it .
The various styles of Karate and yes Tae Kwon Do , when taught as they should be are complete arts .
That means they have strikes , take downs , throws , joint manipulations , and ground defense tactic already contained in the system .
You just have to study them for a while to get to all of it .
Muay Thai is a sport , Thai kick Boxing and only teaches what is allowed by the rules of Thai kick boxing .
Karate and Taekwondo do refer to about 50 and 70 styles respectively .
Some are more sport oriented some depending on the class can be sport focused or self defense focused , and a few are almost complete self defense focused .
Jiu - Jitsu can refer too two things , Japanese Jiu - Jitsu and Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu .
Japanese Jiu - Jitsu or Ju - Jutsu is a complete art that concentrates on throws , joint manipulations , and take downs but includes striking .
BJJ - is almost entirely focused on ground fighting and joint manipulations .
Why does wbtbwb have a new singer ?
Why is n't Tobi ( Toby ) still in We butter the bread with butter ?
And who is the new guy ?
He left to focus on his education .
( In game development ) Their new vocalist is Paul Bartzsch , there has n't been any studio songs released with their new vocalist , though .
Who 's your favorite Jersey Shore cast member ?
( A ) Nicole `` Snooki / Snickers '' Polizzi ( B ) Michael `` The Situation '' Sorrentino ( C ) Jennifer `` JWoww '' Farley ( D ) Paul `` DJ Pauly D '' DelVecchio ( E ) Angelina `` Jolie '' Pivarnick ( F ) Ronnie `` Roid - Rage '' Ortiz - Magro ( G ) Sammi `` Sweetheart '' Giancola `` ( H ) Vinny '' Vincenzo `` Guadagnino ( I ) Deena '' No Nick Name `` Cortese ( J ) The Duckphone @ sandota
Not even the duckphone ?
: ( JWoww . But I miss Angelina for the entertainment . no one Is there another way to play Sims Social ( other than FaceBook ) ? I 'm sick of trying to play this game w / o it ever working . When it goes to load , it loads up to 35 % and then completely stops loading . FYI , I am using a MacBook Pro laptop and using FireFox browser . ( My Safari is not working . . Do n't know why )
Thanks in advance for your help / suggestions .
Buy PC game Sim 's life 2 or 3 rome online store shiping ?
does any one no how much it costs and how long it takes to ship from romes online store to canada bc How can you convince parents to go to a concert ?
I 'm 15 and I ca n't seem to convince my parents to go to a concert , I 've tried for 5 months to go to the event which is tomorrow , or today .
Theres 2 .
What can I say ?
They 're really hard to convince .
I 've been to concerts before but they said i 've been to too many this year .
You get to meet two of the bands , I do n't know I really want to go so bad and it means a lot to me I 've already cried over it lol .
I neeed to go what should i say ? !
I have quadruple the amount of money for the price of the ticket .
They wo n't let me because they think I 'm too young and do n't want me to go to too many concerts every year I guess you could raise your own money to go , or VCR a trustworhy friend take you .
If they 're worried about safety you can promise to text gem every so often and let them know you 're okay and you can also weariveralls when you go because they 're cute and will help you stayprotected from strangers .
Do you have to shred paper before recycling it ?
no , unless important information that you do n't want any chance of someone else viewing . .
Although shredding can be quite fun !
no , not unless its confidential , No. Will the Stars fall in Warshington tonight ?
Or will they beat the Capitals like they usually do ?
Division leaders meet tonight in Chinatown - any predictions ?
both teams have only 3 losses so someones got to give but my stars have been really high scoring lately so we will see . .
should be a good game any way you cut it Washington I hope .
If our goalie is on his game today we should win .
I do n't know who will be played Voukon has been good but after how he played in the Islanders game we might be playing Neuvirth tonight .
I hope we win , but only if :
We play well and with presence the entire game , the defense shows up , and no one takes stupid penalties .
If we play like I said , i see no way we could lose .
We just do n't need to get in our own way .
I suspect a low scoring game , so 2 - 1 - ish ?
I 'm not to good at predicting scores , honestly .
Poll :
Karate , Taekwondo , Muay Thai or Brazilian jiu - jitsu ?
Poll :
Karate , Taekwondo , Muay Thai or Brazilian jiu - jitsu .
Only answer WANTED .
not suggestion Please help me out .
I line all of the ones listed .
tough to answer because you are mixing stand up ( karate , taekwondo and Muay that ) with ground ( BJJ ) disciplines .
It also depends on what you are taking these for .
If you are trying to compete as a mixed martial artist I would take both MT and BJJ because as a fighter you ca n't be one dimensional .
But if you are taking this as recreation i recommend BJJ it is a lot of fun and very fulfilling when you begin to really understand it .
What is the context ?
Also there are about 50 recognized styles of Karate , there are about 70 recognized styles of Tae Kwon Do Muay Thai is a sport .
BJJ is usually a sport , at least outside of Brazil .
TKD and Karate have both sport and traditional self defense versions , which ones are you talking about ?
What is ALL of the figurative language in the song `` Daughters '' by John Mayer ? ! ! ?
I need to know all of the figurative language in this song . .
any of these !
alliteration , personification , symbolism , similes , metaphors , idioms and hyperbole !
I know a girl She puts the color inside of my world But she 's just like a maze Where all of the walls all continually change And I 've done all I can To stand on her steps with my heart in my hands Now I 'm starting to see Maybe it 's got nothing to do with me
Fathers , be good to your daughters Daughters will love like you do Girls become lovers who turn into mothers So mothers , be good to your daughters too
Oh , you see that skin ?
It 's the same she 's been standing in Since the day she saw him walking away Now she 's left Cleaning up the mess he made
So fathers , be good to your daughters Daughters will love like you do Girls become lovers who turn into mothers So mothers , be good to your daughters too
Boys , you can break You 'll find out how much they can take Boys will be strong And boys soldier on But boys would be gone without the warmth from A womans good , good heart
On behalf of every man Looking out for every girl You are the god and the weight of her world
So fathers , be good to your daughters Daughters will love like you do Girls become lovers who turn into mothers So mothers , be good to your daughters too ( x3 ) who do you want off dancing with the stars ?
i hope nancy staysm shes trying so hard , , i got my votes in for her . .
Rob Kardashian .
I ca n't stand him .
But it ai n't gon na happen .
Nancy might stay for another week or two .
Her dance partner , Tristan , is too cute to be voted off .
I would answer your question if I knew who was in it .
As it is I do n't have a clue How would you rate this song ?
How are the voices ?
My friend and I just started doing some recording .
We are trying to get as many views as possible !
We would love your feedback !
This is our recording of `` Collide '' by Howie Day .
On a scale of 1 - 10 how do you think it sounds ?
If you like the video please subscribe to our channel and like the video and we will be posting many videos to come .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNf5vI68L98
Thanks !
It is overall very good .
On a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the highest , I would rate this a 9 .
diablo 2 cd not reading . ?
i 'm trying to install diablo 2 to my laptop and the cd is just not reading , i click the icon to go to it , and every time i do its says i need to insert cd .
i have windows 7 and this is on my laptop .
Diablo 2 will not run on windows 7 unless you go to the blizzard web site and download the latest patch for it in the support section .
( the one for vista works for windows 7 ) What are some songs like Do it For Me Now by Angels and Airwaves ?
i was wondering if their were any songs that sound like do it for me now ( Good Day ) by angel ad airwaves and also have the same meaning .
The brightness on my computer is turned down .
What 's going on ?
I 'm really having to squint and struggle just to ask this .
Today I woke up my computer and when it `` woke up '' the screen suddenly went from the normal brightness to as if someone took the brightness and turned it ALLLL the way down to where I hve to shine lights and squint to see whats on the screen .
I 'm really blindly typing right now and hoping I get this right .
Now my computer is normally on 24/7 so I 'm wondering if it 's just over ehated ?
A thing also comes up right when I turn it on saying their are errors .
Now if I put it in sleep then wake it up the screen will be bright for a few seconds and then go back to no brightness .
I 've called tech support but they have no trouble shooting center .
I have to pay $ 40 to send it over to geek squad I do n't have $ 40 so I 'm out there .
Could my computer just be overheated or could it be something else ? ? ?
I 'm trying to figure this out fast because I have homework to do and my college is online with no other computer to use ( my library card is no good cause I owe them money ) What could be going on ?
My computer also has to thing on it to change the brightness .
Is it a desktop or laptop ?
Try turning it off for a few hours , and put it on a fan * ,
If that does n't work ,
Check if all the wires are put in good ,
* You ca n't put it on a fan if it 's not a laptop .
i 'm not aware of any PC without brightness control of some sort , informing us of what PC you have would have greatly simplified diagnosis . .
1 ) update video driver 2 ) self diagnose video card / GPU 3 ) replace Inverter board for screen 4 ) find a sugar daddy How can I record a song in a you tube video ?
I need to practice a song with my students for a school presentation .
How can I download the song , and play it in any CD player .
The link is http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTwiqDObXvg Thanks ! ! ! ! !
First of all , you need to download the YouTube video to your computer , how to download : ( 1 ) using some YouTube downloader , may need to pay ( 2 ) free method : using Firefox + add - on : http://ppt-bird.blogspot.com/2011/03/how-to-use-firefox-to-download-youtube.html
Then , import the video to this Free AVI converter : http://www.moyeamedia.com/video-converter/avi-converter.html , and set the output as music only , by doing this , you can extract the music out .
Download MP3 Rocket , copy the link into the bar ( you will see when you download it . )
, Connect Player to comp with USB stick or something , then convert with the converter .
And you are done .
go to the site listentoyoutube.com and download that song in mp3 format .
Then just burn it into a cd .
Good luck .
: ) Could someone please send my a pintrest invite ! ! ?
I have been waiting for ages and would love it if someone could send me an invite !
Which guitar is structurally better quality and overall better sounding ?
Which guitar should i buy ?
IBANEZ GRG - 150 VS FENDER SQUIER FAT STRATOCASTER VS FENDER SQUIER DELUXE STRATOCASTER .
Which guitar should i get ?
I was reading reviews on the Ibanez although it has a nice sound most people do not recommend the guitar because of its cheap structure however it has better pickups .
While the fenders have 22 frets vs the 24 frets ibanez makes the sound different i know that i still do not know which guitar i should get .
My budget is 200 - 300 USD .
Hello there ,
I really like the Ibanez RG series .
In general , Ibanez makes some very good guitars .
However the Gio series is not among the good models .
I think the Gio series are low quality , cheaply built guitars .
I consider them equal to the low end of the Squier line .
The GRG is a Gio series guitar .
The Squier Fat Stratocaster I think is an Affinity series .
There are also Bullet series Strats with a humbucker .
Both of those are low end Squier .
In contrast , the Squier Deluxe is one of Squier 's top lines .
When Fender decided to upgrade the Squier line of guitars , they added the Deluxe , Vintage Modified and Classic Vibe .
All three of those series are much better than the lower end Squier models .
Based on that , I would consider the Squier Deluxe to be the better constructed guitar among the 3 you listed .
Later , im a big fender fan .
maybe you can go to a close music store in your area and try both of them out .
Personally I would go with the Ibanez .
I have an Ibanez , Pevey , and a Fender , And I 'm just not a fan of Fender .
The Ibanez you 're looking at does have great sound pickup , and you will notice a difference when it comes to that .
A lot of times it does come down to personal opinion .
I 've given you mine , hope it helps !
How to hide show preview on iPhone 4 ios 5 ?
I just got an iPhone 4 on iOS 5 software .
Usually I can mark it where it does n't show a preview of the text message on the screen .
I went to settings and that option is no longer there .
Anybody know why ?
Any suggestions ?
Best graphics card out of these ?
Nvidia GeForce GT 430 1GB DDR3 GeForce 9800 GT 1024MB GDDR3 Nvidia Geforce 9500GT 1GB MSI GeForce GT 430 2048MB GDDR3 Sapphire RADEON HD 6570 Graphics card - 2 GB - DDR3 SDRAM eVGA GeForce GT 430 Graphics card - 1 GB - DDR3 SDRAM ZOTAC GeForce 9500 GT Graphics card - 1 GB - DDR2 SDRAM
And depending on which one you specify could you tell me if it would run Skyrim ?
If so at what settings ?
High / Low ?
Extra information in case you need it :
My computer has :
Intel Core i3 processor 2100 4GB DDR3 Memory Windows 7 Home Premium 64 - bit
Thank you so much for all the help : ) Any other graphics cards are probably out of my budget , my budget is around 70 Your processor is fine , no worries there .
But you should save just a bit more , and get a better card .
Of the cards you 've listed , from best to worst :
GeForce 9800 GT 1024MB GDDR3 Sapphire RADEON HD 6570 GeForce GT 430 1GB DDR3 ( no difference between 1gb and 2gb models ) Geforce 9500GT ( no difference between the two models listed )
The GeForce 9800GT is an old card .
It does n't support DirectX 11 and has higher power draw than the others .
Most 9800GT cards require a dedicated 6 - pin power connector .
It 's performance is almost identical to the newer , more energy - efficient and DX11 compliant Radeon HD 5670 : http://www.ebuyer.com/259591-sapphire-hd-5670-1gb-gddr5-dvi-hdmi-displayport-pci-e-graphics-card-11168-30-20g
While the 6670 is even better : http://www.ebuyer.com/284122-sapphire-hd-6670-1gb-gddr5-dvi-hdmi-displayport-pci-e-graphics-card-11192-12-20g
Either of those cards would be fine for medium settings at 1440x900 or lower resolution .
The other cards are n't worth bothering with .
The Radeon HD 6570 is more expensive than the 5670 but slightly slower .
The GeForce GT430 is more expensive than the Radeon HD 5570 but slightly slower .
The old GeForce 9500GT is hopeless .
For Skyrim , you 'd get MUCH better performance from a Radeon HD 6770 , which is only about 80 .
http://www.ebuyer.com/266983-asus-hd-6770-1gb-gddr5-direct-cu-dvi-vga-hdmi-pci-e-graphics-eah6770-dc-2di-1gd5 http://www.ebuyer.com/272568-powercolor-hd-6770-1gb-gddr5-hdmi-dvi-vga-pci-e-graphics-card-ax6770-1gbd5-h
However , midrange gaming cards require more power than entry - level models like the 6670 , 5670 , 5570 , GT 430 etc.
You might need to upgrade your computer 's power supply to run a 6770 , which raises your total upgrade cost .
The 6770 requires at least a 450W power supply with a dedicated 6 - pin power connector .
So I recommend the 6670 if your computer has a factory power supply of 300 watts without any 6 - pin connectors .
If your computer has a 450W or higher power supply with a 6 - pin connector , hold off until you can afford to grab the 6770 .
http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/best-graphics-card-gaming-performance,3042.html
http://hothardware.com/Articles/ATI-Radeon-HD-4830-Mainstream-GPU/?page=8 http://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/Zotac/GeForce_GT_520/7.html http://www.techspot.com/review/240-ati-radeon-hd-5670/page4.html None of them are very good , try to buy at least a GTX460 , a GTX560Ti or an HD6870 .
With the cards that you 've listed you 'd just end up feeling disappointed and then having to buy a better card , so buy a better card in the first place .
MSI GeForce GT from the looks of it .
Nice processor , nice memory , shitty operating system because I will always like XP .
The Ram on it is the best and I like Nvidia .
I 've never used a Radeon so I would n't know but I heard that Nvidia is better .
The more Ram the faster it handles high end graphics .
The pixel shaders probably do n't vary much .
Look at the website and see what it says you should probably try to shoot for way above .
@ the guy who said none .
He has a low budget .
What did you think of the giants trade ?
Yesturday the giants traded jonathan sanchez and a minor leauge pitcher for melky cabrera .
I think that the royals won in this , other thoughts ?
Hopefully the trade works out for both teams .
Sanchez is only 28YO , he 's not over the hill .
He battled injuries ( high ankle sprain , and shoulder inflamation ) last season .
The Braves wanted Lorenzo Cain & Wil Myers for Prado and Jurrjens .
That was NEVER going to happend , and especially not now that Cain is projected as the Royals starting CF
Wil Myers is easily one of the top 10 position prospects in all of baseball .
That would have been a crazy trade on the Royals part .
I agree .
Sanchez is n't quite the pitcher he was in 2010 .
And if you look at the numbers , 2010 was the only year that he really put it together .
The talent was always there , but the ability might be dropping .
He 's losing fastball velocity ( avg FB velocity in 2011 was under 90 -- not good ) and he 's always had command issues .
Watch out , he could end up being Oliver Perez part 2 .
Do you think it would be profitable for a mining company to mine hematite ?
Υesss !
no Do you have to take the labels off of plastic bottles before recycling them ?
Υe ...
No !
It depends on the company handling your recycling .
Most issue a pamphlet explaining what is required .
usually not , but many do n't know that you 're suppose to throw out the cap first .
can a hp printer be hooked up to a dell windows 7 ?
well i have an hp printer and a dell pc and want to hook up the printer If the cord fits then yes .
there are more than one type of printer cable , and some computers do n't have the right one .
If you can get them plugged together than they should work together .
The Brand name usually does n't matter .
You may need to visit the HP site for a driver , but windows will probably just set it up for you .
yes it can be used , just attach it rest windows 7 will do .
( awesome ) Yes , unless it 's so old that there are no drivers available for Windows Vista and 7 .
Where do Asian guys hang out in Miami , Florida ?
I am very interested in meeting Asian men in Miami but and having trouble finding them .
Do any of you have any suggestions about where they hang out ? ?
Thet is the stupudest thinf you ever saud Go to the intersection of Gong and Chopsteeeek Avenue at 6:00 tonight .
Theres an alley next to a homeless guy and a CHYANESE RESSURANT .
Go back there and close your eyes , clap 4 times and say , HEROSHEMA KAWASAWKI 8 times and they'l appear .
Cool shit huh forgot passwordat facebook but they wouldnt send it to me , instead they log me in.i need my password , and not lo ?
link at Facebook login page .
You will then receive an Email with a link to reset your Facebook password .
Now follow the below tutorial to reset your forgotten Facebook password :
Facebook offers users a help center , where you can browse through issues by topic .
You can also search for a specific issue or use the forum to ask a question , where other users can reply with answers .
Is it bad to add my best friends friend who are guys on facebook ?
i am a girl and my best friend is a boy so whenever his friends send me friend request on facebook and i ask him to add them or not he says as your wish it all your happiness that matters ... if you dont know them dont add them coz it will disturb your frnd and if know those people then you may proceed .
But after all choice is yours . .
Why to add someone who you do n't know ?
Get to know them and add then if u wish so Y to add ua fren'z frnz ?
u'l ruin up ua reputation .
y dont u try guyz who u dnt knw n dnt hav mutual frenz ... .
i do d same fa galz . .
; ) hehehe ... tckre frend .
I 'm headed to Utah State for school next year ?
Anyone know if there is a plasma center in Logan , Utah ?
Biomat USA 1061 N Main St , Logan , UT 84341 ( 435 ) 753 - 7802 http://www.yellowpages.com/logan-ut/mip/biomat-usa-8725279?lid=8725279 I donate at Biomat USA in Logan .
They have a great staff , and I enjoy helping out people and earning a little extra cash on the side !
Here is their address and number ...
1061 North Main Street Logan , UT 84341 - 2215 ( 435 ) 753 - 7802 Is there a website where you can see missing people ?
Like in the movie ' Abduction ' they are on a website for missing people and it shows pictures .
i was just wondering if there was any other websites like that or like when you can see if anyone you know was abducted .
http://www.fbi.gov/wanted/kidnap
There you are !
Yes there is .
You can go to :
www.missingpeople.org.uk someoneismissing.com namus.gov Do you think Serena Williams has a nice body or is she too masculine for your taste ?
She was featured in ESPN the body magazine and they said she 's the woman with the best body .
Lol best body .
Joke magazine .
Best body is Adriana Lima .
She 's a little stocky , but you ca n't knock it until you try it .
Lol .
In the Law & Order :
SVu episode `` Fight '' . . ?
What is the music playing in Janelle 's apartment when Fin Tuitola finds her dead from a heroin overdose ?
Where Would We Be Without Love Why are Cattle an endangered species in some parts of New Haven , Connecticut ?
Cattle are not an endangered species anywhere let alone Connecticut .
Are you asking why is cattle farming declining , or why are people not farming cattle as much ?
Heavyweight champions `` defense '' ?
What exact was the defense like for these heavyweights ?
James j corbett - The `` dancing master '' Jack johnson - the galveston giant Gene tunney - The fighting marine I know none of these fighters are movers like ali , so what did they do ?
What exact was their defense comprised of ?
How did they move ?
Corbett , Johnson , and Tunney used footwork , ability to slip punches , and counter punch their opponents ... .
nuff said !
miss world 2011 online watch ?
ive searched and didnt find it anywhere i really want to see it pls link In the UK it played on channel 151 - The Entertainment channel .
I do n't know about the US .
If you 've got the channel they might have online streaming Do you think that CSI :
Miami is so bad its good ?
I like all the CSI shows but my favourite is CSI :
Miami.It is my absolute guilty pleasure.The acting especially by Horatio is really bad and corny but it is so hilarious.It is like some sort of spoof of the original CSI but it is so entertaining.Its so bad its good definitely.Do you agree ?
no offense , but horatio scares me lol .
i LOVE csi ny !
im sad the character stella left ) :
I really enjoy watching CSI Miami too .
;
D Especially when that Horatio - guy takes off his black sunglasses and says something like so important .
;
D CSI Miami could be good but I can not stand the Horatio actor and would just as soon rip out his tonsils with my bare hands .
When he does the sideways stance and that look ... ... blah .
I do n't watch it because of that .
What are mendels genetic principles ?
and expaln Apartments in Newcastle , WA ?
I am trying to find a decent apartment to live in Newcastle , WA preferably although surrounding areas are ok like Issaquah etc. My main issue is for every single apartment , each review is terrible .
If I listened to all these reviews I would have to live in the street because all these apartment have the worst ratings , especially if you go to www.apartmentratings.com .
I am looking for a 1 or 2 bedroom that is somewhat affordable but not Ghetto .
Rent in the range of $ 800 - $ 1000 is ok but I really do not want to go above $ 1000 if I can help it .
Does anyone in the area know of a good apartment ?
There has to be a good one out there somewhere , they can not all be terrible right ?
lol THANKS need help picking a name for a Vlog I want to start doing on youtube ?
Hello everyone I am going to start a youtube channel and would like help naming it I have come up with some it will be the same kinda of Vlog like Shaytards and BFvsGF and CTFxC so my name is Richard so I had a few names called RichieRichEffect or TrueLifeOfRichieRich but if you know of some good ones let me know please thanks this will help a lot Richard ,
Good to know about your desire .
Youtube is from Google and it would really be great to have Vlog set up , specially , if you can link it with some of your websites .
Though there is a debate if names really matter for having your sites ( or Vlogs ) positioned or ranked in the searches , but it is always better to choose something which is very easily remembered .
The advantage of choosing a common name is that if your Vlogs turn out to be a real hit , people would just keep on hitting your casts day in and out , and just think , if your name happens to be common and easy , it would not take time for them to place a query on the search boxes straightaway , without bothering about the composition of characters or letters .
Think about it .
A suggestion would be to go with a relatively low competitive keyword , depending upon your compositions .
Believe , this information will help you .
Find about me at the link given below .
What song does this scenario describe ?
Wanting to be with someone you know you cant be with .
I need at least four . .
Please and thank you Documentary related to sociology ... ?
Documentaries related to ... industrialization , social life cycles , culture ... .
Help appreciated ... : ) A Raisin in the Sun ( fiction ) - depicts a black family trying to move out of their run - down tenement apartment and into a white neighborhood
Bread and Roses ( fiction ) - Deals with the struggle of poorly paid janitorial workers in Los Angeles and their fight for better working conditions and the right to unionize
Holy Innocents ( fiction ) - poverty in Spain in the 1960s
Is Wal - Mart Good for America ?
( non-fiction ) - Documentary on Wal - Mart
Losing Isaiah ( fiction ) - black motherhood , custody issues , and drug addiction
Up Series ( non-fiction ) - documents the lives of a dozen or so children over the course of nearly 50 years in the U.K. to illustrate the effects of social class on life outcomes
Darwin 's Nightmare ( non-fiction ) - documents the exploitation of fishing resources in Africa by European businesses and consumers
Country Boys ( non fiction ) - follows two young men in rural Kentucky in the early 2000s growing up with serious disadvantages , both educationally and financially
An Inconvenient Truth ( non-fiction ) - an American documentary film about global warming by Al Gore .
A bunch more : http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Introduction_to_Sociology/Sociological_Videos http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/precious /
Precious , I think this movie would be a good choice , maybe the movie Slumdog Millionaire too .
Desperate Housewives ?
Okay , so the person who sent Bree the letter ... .
Who was it ?
Susan was ruled out since she was mad they didnt tell her about the letter .
so who do you think its blackmailing them / who is the person that knows about it and might tell Thanks Daniella your spamming answer did n't answer my fuckin question .
I DONT NEED TO WATCH ANYTHING THIS IS MY FAVORITE SHOW ! ! !
I 've been trying to find someone that 's into it !
...
It might be the cop ( Bree 's old boyfriend ) Guess we 'll find out ...
X Which girl looked better in shiny tan tights , mandy from hollyoaks or emmerdale 's viv ?
I know of neither .
You shoulda , included photo 's And I woulda given you a great answer .
Mandy !
Mandy defo
x Not sure which sport bike to get ?
Hi i have been trying to look for a new sport bike for awhile now , but im not sure which one i want to get ... the three major one 's i have been looking at are in between the years 2003 and 2007 and the bikes are a zx6r , r6 , or cbr600rr ... now i know that i can read however much i want to on any of these but i want personal opinion or experience from people that is why i am asking this .
I want to know which one is quicker to you and if you rode one of these which year and how you liked it would be awesome .
which one is better to you overall and what are the pros and cons to each bike .
to me so far it looks like out of the three the zx6r seems to be the slowest but not by much .
I have been riding dirt bikes for 8 years and a gs500f for close to a year now and i am ready to get a bigger bike .
also my friends have a cbr6004i and an r6 , and if possible i would like to be able to just keep up with them .
any comments would be much appreciated thank you You are asking questions about a street bike .
This section is for RACING bikes .
Your question would be better suited to the Street Bike section of Yahoo Answers .
You can find the Street Bike section under Transport , Here : http://answers.yahoo.com/dir/index;_ylt=AmKT9S3cS3lkGCYJO612vAYU5XNG;_ylv=3?sid=396546040
This section is for Motorcycle RACING .
Good luck , I 'm sure the users in the Street section will help you out .
go with a ' 95 on wards cbr600 , ca n't go wrong a do all bike.plenty of spares as well Get the same bike as your friends have then if you ca n't keep up it will be the fault of your riding ability and not the bike you buy ... .
Can I clean my resin bowling ball with steam ?
I have a few resin bowling balls that have soaked up a little oil .
I want to clean them and was wondering if steam would damage them .
I 've heard a lot of other techniques , just wondering if steam is ok to use .
no What is the kill cam live on USTREAM live ?
All I see is a bloody mattress in a creepy room .
Anyone care to explain this set - up ?
http://core.branches.www.ustream.tv/channel/killcamlive Head to http://www.killcamlive.com for the full story .
how to achieve a more `` rock '' suited voice quality ?
im looking to sing like the audioslave singer / kelly jones ( stereophonics singer ) .
any suggestions / tips ?
thanks How many people migrate to the uk from australia each year ?
and all other migration facts would be greatly appreciated as I am doing a presentation in geography and really hope to get an A * .
Push / pull factors , benefits , negative consequences and so on , anything factually based .
Also videos that I could watch would be greatly appreciated as well as an external source of information .
Thank you in advance thousands migrate here and many English backpackers overstay their visas taking Aussie jobs .
It amazes me how Australian 's do not jump up and down about it but are terrified of Asians coming to Australia by boat .
Most English people are coming here for economic and lifestyle pull factors .
Too many grey sky days and poor money for work in the UK is drawing people here .
There was a series of programmes on TV a few years ago about 5 couples who did that - 3 came back within the first couple of years .
ca n't find a link though . .
I 've heard that food is much more expensive over there .
update just found a link - http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b006s5v8 JOHN G , yeah I saw that series .
No , food is far more expensive in Australia .
The main complaints about Australia in the show was that it was way more expensive .
Food from supermarkets was working out two to three times more expensive in Australia than in the UK .
I can vouch for that .
The sun is the number one reason why people are drawn to Australia from the UK .
That 's why we emmigrate to other countries such as Spain , southern France and Greece .
Then take into account our cultural similarities .
Hp printer prints blank pages ?
Hello !
My HP all - in - one deskjet F2187 has the red `` Cartridge problem '' LED blinking and it prints only blank pages when I use the printing function .
If I try to copy something , the `` Power '' LED blinks .
What should I do ?
Assuming that you have already installed new print cartridges then it would point to more serious hardware fault , probably the main board which is n't something you can realistically do yourself .
Help me name this song ! ?
I was at the movies watching the Rum Diaries about a week ago at The Movie Experience and i got there early and a song was playing on the `` ScreenVision Soundtrax '' i only caught one line of it but i loved it .
Ive tried googling the lyrics and everything but i still ha ventt found it .
please help any information would be helpful .
the lyric goes `` I would never make you choose , I have so much less ( left ? )
to lose ''
its a soft type song with a female singer .
thank you !
where can I get the measuring bowls used on the Wendy Show , on 11/7 , by the Atlanta Chefs who made ribs ?
They were small , very colorful bowls that held the spices .
I did n't see the show , but I 've seen little ramekins like that in Tuesday Morning -- also , on occasion in the homegoods section of TJ Maxx .
Since both stores are really hit or miss , I bet you 'll be able to find them in a real kitchen / cooking supply store like Williams Sonoma .
google 7 DAYS CRUISE STARTING IN SYDENY ?
I AM CONSIDERDING WITH A VIEW TO START A 7 DAY CRUISE FROM SYDNEY , VISITING ALL THE INTERETSING PLACES AND RETURN BACK TO SYDNEY .
THIS IS IN EARLY PART OF MARCH 2012 .
Pravin , what do you want to know , see your travel agent .
The cruise I did , was Sydney , Noumea , Suva Lautoka , ca n't remember the other island we did , and back via Auckland .
Where the best golf club in manchester anyone ?
Iv only just started running , I do about 1200 in 12.20 seconds . ?
I now do 2.5 miles in 27.27 which I know is slow but Im a smoker and like I said , Iv only started .
I need to know how to improve my time by a minute better each week as Im in a competition ?
Thanks You can certainly improve your time but a minute each week is unrealistic , whether you smoke or not .
Smoking wo n't keep you from improving but there are simply limitations on how much you can improve .
You do n't say what distance the competition is or else it would be easier to advise you on how to improve .
I suggest you run for a half hour 4 - 6 days a week , as you are new to running assure you are getting enough rest by taking at least a day off .
I ran a 40:40 10k smoking a pack a day ( not advisable to smoke but deal with one thing at a time , get in the habit of running and if and when you are ready , give up the smoking ) .
That 's very bad .
I was a smoker for about 5 years and I am able to run the mile in 7:30 ~ 8 minutes .
10 - 11 when I was smoking heavily .
Even with Angina I can still do it much faster so you are definitely not in shape enough .
In fact if I were at full health probably 6 minutes per mile .
But I used to play soccer quite a bit .
Anyway , you need practice .
Here 's what you do ( ideally ) :
1 ) Quit smoking
2 ) Run every day HATE PEOPLE WHO SAY SOCCER ITS FOOTBALL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
try get good night sleep and get up early in morning and run for till you reach your limit say if that is mile keep to running a mile 5 or 6 days a week and when you feel confident step it up and go for longer distances each time Who is the hilarious comedian who plays Kim Kardashian on Saturday Night Live ?
I do n't watch SNL , but I was watching a talk show where they showed a skit they did on SNL about the Kardashian Family .
All the comedians / actresses who played the Kardashian sisters and the mother were funny , but the one who played Kim Kardashian was extra funny !
Nasim Pedrad is the actress .
ohihii Does anyone remember the country artist who sang a song in the early 80s ?
The lyrics were along the line , `` I just want to hear the newscaster say Nothing new to report today , No new wars , Everyone has enough to eat . ''
Maybe Crystal Gayle or Loretta Lynn ?
`` A Little Good News '' by Anne Murray .
( 1983 ) Here 's the song on YouTube : : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrwHFdlhEss Here are the complete lyrics : : http://www.cowboylyrics.com/lyrics/murray-anne/a-little-good-news-15140.html Very good song by the way !
George Strait .
Jack ... ... ... ... ... . .
Anne Murray ... `` A little good news '' ... what is horizontal and vertical in monitor ?
horizontal -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- vertical l l l l l like real world What is that banned song that summons the devil ?
I heard that the USA banned a song because when people play it , Satan himself appears and dances to it .
Kind of sounds like bullshit , but if any of you heard the title , I wan na check it out and see what it really does .
Elton john - Benny and the jets .
lol yea ... all things like that are complete and utter bullshit that stupid bastards made up to scare people What song should I do on play on the guitar ?
I do n't know what i should play on the guitar and just saying i 'm not a beginner , I played one or two song before .
Sorry but I do n't know what `` should I do on play '' means .
Play what you want to play , if its complex then learn it .
Hey There Delilah - Plain white t 's The A Team - Ed sheeran How can i get rid of the email address 's that automatically pop up on sites like facebook etc. ?
like when i click a letter a whole bunch of emails pop up , i cant find any way to get rid if it .
i put it on spam is it true that persians are human - donkey hybrid ?
yeah they look alike a human - donkey hybrid
look at their tiny brains , slender faces , huge noses and brown skins .
they also behave like donkeys , so load , greedy , arrogant and impolite !
they think they are whites and aryans ! ! ! !
they think they are brothers of germans ! ! ! ! !
phuck off persi donks !
@ respect : yeah sure but only in ur phucking crazy propaganda , you are same with arabs in ethnics and same with dravidians in language , bribing some old jerks in universities does not make you aryans .
What 's the name of this song ?
What 's the name of that song that they play on the radio ?
It kinda goes like `` dodoooodooooodoododoododoooo '' ?
Could be some song of ATB It 's the doo song , like doodooodooo , You may not find the lyrics without knowing the second part of the song which is :
doooodoooodoooooodoodo
The third might be useful though : dooodoododod Um , that was n't very descriptive .
Does twitpic let you see who has viewed your pictures ?
if not , then what other picture upload site show twitter users who have viewed your pics ?
Thanks !
I know some pic sites do , but ca n't remember what one !
What do you think of my singing For my audition ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgJBZR7Sc0s I really like your voice .
amazing Start Kari Lehtonen or Jose Theodore tonight ?
Lehtonen vs. Capitals Theodore vs Maple Leafs
I am starting Vokoun vs Stars ... if you start Lehtonen you are guaranteed a win tonight your gaa and save % might take a hit .
leafs and panthers games are un predictable it can be a huge blow out for one team or a 6 - 5 overtime game .
Either way your taking a chance but if it was me I would go with the guaranteed win Theodore .
Given Raycroft 's history against the Caps , there 's a good chance Lehtonen might not been the goalie for the stars tonight .
Also , Neuvirth is in net for the Caps , so Vokoun is a bad choice .
What is a clone town ?
Simple Answer Please .
Clone town is a global term for a town where the High Street or other major shopping areas are significantly dominated by Chain stores .
The term was coined by the New Economics Foundation ( NEF ) , a British think tank , in their 2004 report on `` Clone Town Britain '' .
A clone town is were the high street is dominated by chain stores as appose to local business .
If i ' ' m not mistaken .
it 's run by wall street ; look around you Can i run nvidia sli on a amd crossfire board ?
The board says it supports crossfire for amd Ati but I have a and CPU that I want to use with nvidia cards I would think it would work but need to b sure nope it wont work sorry crossfire is for ATI ONLY they are the same thing but for diff brands sorry mate No , the motherboard has to state crossfire and sli compatible , ca n't run nvidia sli on a crossfire motherboard .
Kyle Busch ?
Can you list some of the poor decisions he 's made over the years ?
This suspension had a lot to do with prior history .
I 'm not a Kyle fan or Kyle hater .
Maybe I 'm the only one who falls neatly in the middle .
But I 've forgotten most of his episodes by now .
So make your case against Kyle .
Matt :
Thanks , I forgot a couple of those .
A few of those I do n't agree added to his `` situation '' .
Displaying frustration in an interview after a race is common place .
But I 'm sure flippin ' the bird to an official did n't help his cause .
Matt :
Thanks , I forgot a couple of those .
A few of those I do n't agree added to his `` situation '' .
Displaying frustration in an interview after a race is common place .
But I 'm sure flippin ' the bird to an official did n't help his cause .
Daniel :
I forgot about that Bristol deal .
That was stupid .
The guitar thing though is not an aggrevating circumstance .
KBIA :
Poor answer .
That 's a reason to sit Richard Childress down , not Kyle .
--
When he was with Hendrick he crashed in a racing deal that was his fault .
He left the track property while his crew worked on the car and Earnhardt Jr. finished the race in Kyles car ... . .
gaining points for Kyle by the way .
--
He won the very first COT race and proceeded to tell everyone how bad the new car sucks in victory lane .
--
He punted Harvick 's un-manned car after a race sending it head on into the pit wall .
Thank god nobody was walking in that exact area .
--
He spun out Earnhardt Jr. , the race leader , in a wussie move on the last lap at Richmond .
--
He never sticks around the track to face the music after screwing up .
Ever !
--
He 's flipped of a Nascar Official which is worse than flipping a cop off .
--
Got busted for speeding at insane speeds in public and currently does NOT even have a drivers license .
--
Busted up a $ 35,000 guitar in front of the guy that spent 200 hours painting it .
Just gon na list the ones I remember .
There may be more
- Leaving the track after the 2007 Spring Texas race when he wrecked Dale Jr , forcing his crew to have Junior drive the car for the remainder of the race - His tantrum after his wreck with Kurt in the 2007 All Star race - Getting pissed off at Carl Edwards for giving him the bump and run at Bristol in August 2008 - His meltdown over getting put into the wall by Hamlin at the All Star race last year - Flipping off the official at Texas last year - His altercation with Harvick at Darlington this year - His altercation with Hornaday last weekend that got his ass parked Only 1 driving for Rick Hendrick .
What are the best ski resorts in North America for a lower intermediate skier to go to ?
My wife is two steps above a beginner in her skiing ability and I want to take her to a place that has reasonable blues for her to learn and improve on yet big enough that we both wo n't get bored with the trails by the end of the first day .
East - Whiteface , Lake Placid , NY ( Do not even consider Jay Peak , Vermont as it is geared towards advanced / expert .
West - Lake Louise , Alberta , Canada .
It has a good variety of terrain .
Park City is my favorite in Salt Lake City .
There 's a lot of blues in the King Con & Silverload / Bonanza Mountainzones .
Do n't leave without going down Tycoon .
Stratton ... if you are thinking about going to Vermont .
funniest facebook status ever ?
10 points , short ! ?
who can get the funniest phrase ?
; ) I was looking at this fucking sexy person the other day .
I went in for a hug .
And I bumped my head on the mirror ;
D How do you create a `` get down '' video ?
The get down meme : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1t6k95VGnQ&feature=related just wondering how you can make one on your own .
Easy Peasy , just record yourself making different poses , dancing etc. Then Edit the video on a program like Windows Movie Maker , cutting out your poses .
Then upload the song from the meme and arrange your poses along the timeline : ) I am a hardcore gamer and want to buy a desktop suggest me models ?
though i want mainly pc for gaming i want other features also .
So plz suggest me some good specifications in computer for which i should look for and also suggest some models plz .
The total budget is 40 - 50k.thank you .
Configuration of an Assembled computer ( for gaming purpose ) Operating System :
MS Windows 7 Ultimate 64 - bit CPU AMD Opteron 1384 / Barcelona 65nm Technology RAM 4.0 GB Dual - Channel DDR2 @ 334MHz ( 5 - 5 - 5 - 15 ) Motherboard :
Gigabyte Technology Co. , Ltd. GA - MA785GM - US2H ( Socket M2 ) Graphics LCD Monitor :
DELL ST2210 @ 1920x1080 / ATI Radeon HD 4200 Hard Drives : 500GB Seagate ST350041 8AS SATA Disk Device ( IDE ) Optical Drives :
HL - DT - ST DVD - RAM GH22NP20 ATA Device HL - DT - ST DVD - RAM GH22NP20 ATA Device Cabinet : iBall Cabinet Model No.i7272 SMPS :
Zebronics 600 watts or Emron 700 watts
Try to buy the latest Mother Board always .
40g ' s ?
Holy sh * * .
For starters , you 'll want an i7 extreme processor , 12Gb of tripple channel ram at1666 MHz. 3D Monitor , nvidia preferred .
2 USB 3.0 ports , 4 128Gb SSD 's ... a good video card ( google it ) ...
Windows 7 ultimate , of course .
Thats all I can think of at the top of my head whats serena williams nature ?
Powerful .
Graceful .
Outspoken .
Funny in post-match interviews .
Champion .
Icon .
Legend .
And most important of all , she 's a fighter .
Serena is human .
And as every human she 's got her moments in which she over reacts or does something stupid .
That does n't mean she 's bad like person .
I think she 's strong and independent .
she is bold , determined , outspoken and a legend
shes a leader . .
not a follower . .
speaks her mind . .
but sometimes speaks her mind too much and says or does the wrong thing . .
but nobody is perfect .
and atleast she is a straight shooter not a two face what ever happened to the show he - man ?
it was massive and the toys sold all over the world and they made a film and many cartoons ithink there was a follow up with a woman instead his sister maybe Here is what Wikapedia says on what happened to the show at the end :
He - Man and the Masters of the Universe is an American animated television series produced by Filmation based on Mattel 's successful toy line Masters of the Universe .
The show , often referred to as simply He - Man , was one of the most popular animated children 's shows of the 1980s , and has retained a heavy cult following to this day .
It made its television debut in 1983 and ran until 1985 , consisting of two seasons of 65 episodes each .
Reruns continued to air in syndication until 1988 , at which point USA Network bought the rights to the series .
USA aired He - Man until September 1990 .
Repeats of the show are currently being broadcast in the USA on the Qubo Night Owl , on the Retro Television Network , and in Canada on Teletoon Retro .
The series is no available on DVD .
Apple .
i know which show you meant Why does `` Epson Print CD '' crash when trying to add a picture ?
I have a Epson Artisan 835 and I use it to print graphics on CD 's that I make , but recently when I go to import a picture from my directory , the program freezes .
Is there any advice for my problem ?
is it always the same picture or any picture ?
If any , there is a conflict between that program and something else running on your pc .
try reinstalling it and turning off any programs running you dont need at the time .
My Artisan 800 uses the same cartridges as yours .
You can get them for 50 cents at www.ccs-digital.com You pay under 2.50 for their reusable tanks and get $ 2 back for the empties .
Or you can use their refillable cartridges and refill them yourself for pennies ( which is what I do ) How to do you do these two codes ?
Write the following two codes in one application class for each code .
Only import statements that can be used are Arraylist and Scanner .
1 .
Create a purse ( an ArrayList ) that reads in coins and adds to purse and displays all coins in the purse using the toString ( ) of ArrayList as well as inputting from the user one coin ( input as a String ) .
Also use the remove ( ) method repeatedly until all occurrences of the coin from above are removed .
Use the contains ( ) method if necessary but DO NOT use the removeAll ( ) method .
2 .
Write a program that reads a sequence of integers into an array and that computes the alternating sum of all elements into the array .
How do you work out Simultaneous equations ?
I 'm really confused how to work it out .
I have this question ' Solve the simultaneous equations 6x +2y = -3 and 4x - 3y = 11 .
' How would I go about working this out , please try to keep it simple so I can remember easy .
Thanks : ) 1 ) 6x + 2y = -3 2 ) 4x - 3y = 11 multiply eq ( 1 ) by 3 , eq ( 2 ) by 2 , add : 18x + 6y = -9 8x - 6y = 22 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 26x = 13 x = 13/26 = 1/2 using eq ( 1 ) : 6 ( 1/2 ) + 2y = -3 3 + 2y = -3 2y = -6 y = -6/2 = -3 check using eq ( 2 ) : 4 ( 1/2 ) - 3 ( -3 ) = 11 2 + 9 = 11 x = 1/2 , y = -3 or ( 1/2 , -3 )
- .
-- 6x +2y = -3 4x - 3y = 11
3 ( 6x +2y = -3 ) 2 ( 4x - 3y = 11 )
18x + 6y = -9 8x - 6y = 22
26x = 13 x = 1/2
3 +2y = -3 2y = -6 y = -3
sorry if it 's so confusing .
Is DC Universe Online good ?
Is it like a cool MMO ?
I 'm used to WoW and now I quit that It ai n't bad but it is not a normal MMO it is more of a brawler .
However it suffers from the massive amount of new players so the servers are laggy and unstable with weird bugs popping up all the time .
Yes In my opinion yes very much so .
If you want more info go to their website .
The game is GREAT overall .
Hope i helped :
D Why is China so stupid ?
I 've been reading how apathetic China is now - people stood by as they watched a toddler get ran over by a van .
Also , how do they worship Mao - ZheDong and censure those who speak bad of him ?
When in plain sight , he 's a total dumbass and a failure .
He tries to boost China 's economy by `` smelting cooking pans into steel '' , which of course failed .
Likewise he killed all the potent and knowledge elders and let the `` new '' generation take over , which when they have no experience , they ca n't even perform a simple surgery with success .
I also do n't see how the CCP in China is controlling them , should n't we intervene those bltches and give them the freedom of rights and let them finally progress ?
They deserve progression and stop being hindered back by dumbshlts like Mao and the CCP .
Ok , you intervene and we 'll all back you up ...
Mao is dead , bro .
With all the money stupid Americans spend on their shoddy lead infested goods they do n't need to be smart .
What is Andy Biersack 's email address ?
I know he has one for his fans , and I need to know ASAP what it is .
It can be Andy 's , Ashley 's , Jake , CC 's or Jinxx 's .
I do n't care who 's it is .
But does anyone know what it is and or had contact with them through it ?
Please , I know the chances of me actually contacting him are , I do n't need a reminder .
Andy help would be helpful .
Thanks in advance !
And please no hateful remarks - .
- Typo , I meant to write what is Andy BIERSACK 'S email address , please ignore that .
Andy is from BVB ( Black Veil Brides ) he is the lead singer , he is also know as Andy 6 , Andy sixx , and Andy six .
hello sorry to say andy does not have a email for his fans it is sent to farthers and he sorts it out for andy you can find the email on www.godesktop.com your welcome byee : 3 I am so stressed and worried about college , please offer your advice . ?
I have missed a lot of class time in my Reading class but so far I have turned in every single assignment .
However , I have not received what my grade is for the class .
I have college today but can not go because I have a Dr. apt at 1:45pm and my class started at 1pm .
I did n't want to go just for 45 minutes so I emailed my instructor letting her know I wont be in class .
Is it possible that I can still pass the class just by turning in assignments and getting good grades on them and my tests ?
If I do n't pass the class will I owe money ?
Welcome to the real / adult world , where weak excuses are n't tolerated .
Realistically , they 're not going to care what you excuse was ( unless you were hospitalized ) - and since every college has an attendance policy , chances are very good that your instructor will Fail you due only to the fact you 've violated the attendance policy for missing too many days of class .
Some schools use attendance in one of the factors for Fin Aid ...
I know our community college does , in fact this CC requires 100 % attendance or `` verifiable valid reason '' ( such as you are in hospital , at your mom 's funeral ) ... if your attendance is a problem , then you risk loss of Fin Aid in the future ... and a possible FA for this semester ( putting you on academic probation with loss of Fin Aid )
why on earth would you schedule a doctor 's appointment during that class time ?
could n't it have been scheduled on day you are n't in class or at least at a time you are n't in class ?
Would n't it have been a lot smarter to go to class . .
even if for only 30 - 45 minutes ?
Sounds like college is n't really a priority to you ... sorry , but that is how it seems Been and still am getting bullied , got ill , missed tests - always want high standard ... . .
trouble ?
Hey err I started getting bullied at school , I got really ill because I got really scared and stressed easily , and I have a psychologist now .
The problem was is that im a high achiever and i hate getting bad marks - i was so ill i could n't think let alone revise for about 5 tests .
So I postponed them and things are getting worse with the bullying situation .
Mum wants me to sit at least one test tomorrow but I 'm so stressed and I have tummy cramps , head ache , tonsillitis and a cold .
What do I do ?
Missing school is not an option and teacher 's do n't listen .
I just want to postpone it and do really well when I get better .
Please give some advice ?
It is n't a solution to tomorrow , but could you home school ?
It would be perfect for someone like you .
You can work hard for the grades without the added stress of the bullying and other school issues .
when it comes to bullying , the bully wo n't stop until you fight back ... just do n't be the starter of the fight so you do n't get in trouble and can use the excuse `` he / she / they started it , i was just defending myself '' Can you be practice both Zen AND Kadampa Buddhism ?
Hi ,
I 'm new to Buddhism and this may be a dumb question , but I was wondering if it 's possible to practice both Zen ( Rinzai , specifically ) and Kadampa Buddhism .
Your thoughts ? ? ? ?
I ca n't decide which one is best for me just yet ...
Thanks !
Use whatever teachings and methods that inspire practice .
Look at Mahamudra too .
Who 's gon na stop you ?
Yes you can .
Buddhism is more open source than the other major religion .
Why Is There So Many Black People On TV . ?
I do n't get it , they have their own channel ( BET ) .
Why do they have to infect all the other channels ?
We had a meeting , took a vote , and just did it to piss you off .
Hey , there 's an Andy Griffith Marathon on Nick at Night .
No darkies there , that 's fo shizzle .
lol rasist Sigh .
Skin - heads .
What are the advantages and disadvantages of energy crisis ?
If this is for a school paper - it allows for extreme measures for government to take such as rationing and similar methods of reducing access to energy that would normally not stand a chance of acceptance or passage in congress .
People would be more willing to make sacrifices to reduce energy use than before - via the mechanism of `` social engineering '' - you want energy ?
you pay for it through the nose .
The reality though is the oil and natural gas industry are owned by too few people who wield major control - and they can benefit tremendously from any crisis they create .
Contrary to what your textbooks tell you about 1974 , the truth was `` big oil '' wanted deregulation .
In order to force the hand of government , the `` Arab Oil Embargo '' was total fiction - Shah Muhamad Pavlavi of Iran `` outed '' the industry inadvertantly in an interview where he was asked about the Arab oil Embargo when he stated flattly - `` ... there is no embargo ... . ''
He was later overthrown in 1978 .
Oil companies posted record profits from about 1977 onward .
So beware your textbooks - they push propaganda and lies .
The problem is if you want a good grade - you have to learn what those lies are and be willing to recite them and to manipulate them in a manner catered to what your teacher is looking for - Truth has no place in the classroom or scientific endeavor because it is all about agenda - agenda of control .
Scientists do not get grants unless they produce work supporting a greater agenda .
Something similar is described in the book `` Confessions of an Rx Drug Pusher . ''
If by `` energy crisis '' you mean no or very little energy available , then a disadvantage would be the end of life as we know it .
I ca n't think of a single advantage to having no energy .
fun advantage is war would get serious .
So many hard core wars over the energy we have left .
fought in a whole new manner .
Small fingers to play the guitar ?
I have relatively small stubby fingers and would like some tips to help play the guitar as i 'm finding it hard to change chords .
Thanks Try these :
Chromatic Scale , FM7 - F - Dm7 - F , G7 , G , G7 , G. Well , there are smaller scale guitars for smaller hands .
This could help a lot .
You also need to make sure you do n't let your left thumb get lazy .
If you keep it in position , chords will be a lot easier to play .
You should also try to make sure you stretch your hands before you play .
There are tons of hand and finger stretches online if you just google them .
Keep trying , good luck and have fun !
can you do this ... . . ?
christmas 2010 i saw peter pan at a theatre near me .
the women who played peter pan . .
was amzing ! !
her and most of that cast are doung peter pan again at another theatre .
Can you email that theatre and request there autographs and they send you them or cant they do that ?
Little kids Tap Song ?
I am a dance teacher , was hoping someone could help me think of a little girls dance song for tap .
ages are 3 - 6 , but the song has top do with COLORS !
Please help thanks !
Stefayne Cricket for india ?
men in blue ... ... ?
Hey im interest in cricket I want to play for indian team how do i get in please tell me ... . .
There are lots of better teams around Ask harbhajan .
Hehe .
i do n't think you can join until 2018 because india has supperb player now and some are in waiting What the hell is a Bushranger and who is Ned Kelly ?
Do you think Shane Warne now looks a bit odd and plasticky ?
Well if you hang out with cheap copies of humanity you 're bound to look like them in time .
yes , u got it spot on He certainly looked it here in this picture taken of him on vacation in Hawaii recently Is this sustainable and why ?
10 points ?
if there is a road with independently owned shops is it sustainable ? ?
why ?
Yes .
Individuals can profit and there is a more wider income and therefore less inequality in financial terms .
No cause if they ' re independently sustain there will be so much chaos and disputes and they would all kill each other one by one More money into the actual community .
Dream interpretation ; suicide and eating dead body ?
I 'm standing in a busy city square .
Afternoon , light dimming .
Bustling traffic going home .
A body hits the pavement and splatters all over the road intersection , a suicide from the towering buildings above .
Cars stop and honk and people get out to look .
I walk over , pick up a piece of squishy , raw , bloody body and eat it .
Possible meanings ?
To see someone commit suicide in you dream , highlights your concerns for that person .
Consider what characteristics and qualities in that person you may be trying to `` kill '' and annihilate in your own self .
Perhaps you hope that you are not like this person and are making attempts to get rid of those traits within your own self .
And for you eating someone I think of you as a zombie in the dream . .
To see or dream that you are a zombie suggests that you are physically and / or emotionally detached from people and situations that are currently surrounding you .
You are feeling out of touch .
Alternatively , a zombie means that you are feeling dead inside .
You are just going through the motions of daily living .
Too many zombie movies .
Cannibalism thomas and hope on bold an beautiful ?
are they not half brother / sister ?
and now they have them kissing ?
well ridge is both their fathers ?
or is eric hopes real dad ?
i dont remember anymore or is there someone im forgetting about ?
lol
soaps loose kids ... .
where is rj ?
wasnt there another daughter of brooks ?
Step - siblings but it 's still disgusting .
They both call Ridge , `` dad '' , for crying out loud .
And for Thomas to put the moves on the daughter after the mom ?
He 's doing the same thing as his skanky sister who went after Liam , the next day , Bill broke up with her .
I 'd have expected Brooke 's kids to be messed up but Taylor 's children , they 're some pieces of work .
I 'm soooo disgusted with this story line .
Ridge is Thomas ' father and Deacon Sharpe is Hope 's biological father but Ridge raised her as his own so YES they were raised as brother and sister ...
HOW can either of them look at each other in a sexual nature ? ? ?
Look at this `` FAMILY '' picture ... .
( sorry for bad quality , best I could find )
http://t1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQk1jgdJcHiuGmQvY4SoqKSFsjt3VliqBno14MFBWK9vDGrTNJW
That 's Thomas who looks to be a young teen in the blue turtleneck .
That 's HOPE in front of Brook ... the little one ! ! ! ! !
So how they helll do these writers expect us to now believe that this brother and sister are hooking up .
Soooo nasty .
Actually Ridge is the `` bio '' dad of only Thomas .
Hope is Ridge 's step daughter .
Deacon Sharpe is Hope 's `` bio '' dad .
This is not the first time they 've done something like this , Ridge and Bridget also had the `` hots '' for each other for a little while and Ridge raised Bridget as his daughter .
RJ will probably re surface as a teen ager and go after Amber , since she wants a Forrester so badly .
What Japanese show is this ?
It looks really funny but I dunno what it 's called .
Thanks .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&v=kna8UMDFCfQ Help me choose inbetween these 2 sports ? ?
10 POINTS best answer ! ! ! ?
So . .
I 'm going to grade 8 and my mom is letting me pick 2 after school activities ... for one I def. want horse riding . .
I love horses and want to get a horse one day ... and for the other one I ca n't choose inbetween gymnastics or ice skating ? . .
I actually want to go to competitions if possible ?
... please help me and do n't tell me to try them both out coz I 'm not allowed to I have to pick one !
please tell me which one is better ?
please or which would you pick inbetween the two ?
remember .
.10 POINTS best answer ! !
Ice Skating .
I have completed grade 12 french and live in toronto .
Can I put ' bilingual ' on my resume ?
I can read and understand french pretty well , but if speak , i end up looking for the right words and taking too long .
Can I still be qualified for a bilingual job ?
To consider yourself bilingual , you need to be fluent in the language .
Fluent by definition means to be able to express yourself effortlessly .
You are not able to speak French effortlessly , so you are not fluent in French and therefore you are not bilingual .
You can put that you are very good at the language but if you end up putting `` bilingual '' and then the person interviewing you ends up speaking to you in French for the entire interview and you are stumbling and looking for words ... well , you know what will happen .
Especially in Toronto , I imagine there are lots of people who speak French .
: )
I would recommend practicing it though so that you can become fluent .
It would be great to have that on your resume for REAL . .
lol .
yes you can more than likely yes if you have a business level fluency in the language , however do not call that garbage quebecois speak french they are a boil on the ass of french culture .
what is the best 5 makes for ice hockey skates and figure skates ?
what is more comfterble ice hockey skates or figure skates ?
( for a 9 year old ) and what are the top 5 makes for figure and hockey ?
If you are just starting , I would have to go with figure skates .
Everyone in my rink starts out in figure skates and if they want to switch to hockey skates once they are good at skating .
I would have to say that it is harder to skate in hockey skates .
The top five are Jackson , Riedell , Risport , Harlick , and GAM .
Most people at my rink have ether Riedell , Jackson , or Risport .
WHAT IS THIS ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
HELP MEH ! ?
Everytime i sit down my stomach starts rumbling and its super loud in class , its so embarressing .
it happens every few seconds , i can feel it coming and them BOOM !
a huge bomb goes on in my stomach !
is it from sitting down too much ?
i never have anything to do so i 'm always sitting down on the computer , and i want to stop this but i do n't know what to do that doesnt involve sitting ?
I love reading and drawing and writing but that involves sitting ?
) :
Y&R - Do you think this is a good idea for Cane to go to that country ?
He just might end up in jail too ...
No but Billy is counting on Cane but when Cane said he would help there is no turning back on his word . .
I think Billy should of went instead of Cane . .
K2 good riddens to him ... .
i cant believe lilly took him back after everything ... kinda hopes he dont come back , as much as dannyboy dont want to be a daddy i think he an lilly wold be good together tho i know the kids will be the obstacle / No it is n't , i do n't really understand why he 's so determined to get Billy out of this mess , it 's not his responsibility .
But i do n't think anything will happen to Cane , i ca n't see them getting rid of Daniel Goddard , he has super fans that will pounce on the writers and whomever else they need to .
The Office :
Special Edition Seasons ?
I know that season 3 is ' Nifty Gifty ' and Season 4 comes with a script and sticky notes , are there any other seasons that are ' Special Editions ?
Pictures please ?
For season 5 , there 's a limited edition `` Beet Box '' version , made to look like a crate from Schrute Farms .
wHAT DO YOU THINKS OF MY LYRICS ?
https : / / www.youtube.com/bakernas http://www.facebook.com/Platodaastronaut not bad chief What 's the name of the posh guy from Hollyoaks ?
He 's SO posh .
He 's one of the freshers and he has curly hair .
He hangs out with Dodger a lot .
Name ? ?
Barneys the posh one , but i havent noticed him hanging out with dodger though , do n't you mean his brother will ?
x cant remember what his name is but he is sooooooooooo funny , love him , hope they give this character some good storylines What font does Star Trek use in the first series with W.Shatner ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Trek:_The_Original_Series Star Trek Future font or Roddenberry found in the links below Vampire Diaries - Is episode 9 going to be a BIG one for Stefan / Stelena fans ?
There are rumors . .
but i dont know if its true !
Yes , im a HUGE Stelena / Stefan fan !
Link to where you found it ?
YES ! ! !
another STELENA fan !
i am a STELENA fan too , i really think that elena and stefan belongs together i just love to see them together , i mean damon is really hot , but i do n't like him with elena it 's just not right and about episode 9 , it seems it is going to be an interesting episode , but i have no idea about stelena , so lets just wait for it !
i hope not :
O i really like delena .
elena makes damon more human . .
and now is stefan 's humanity gone and that leaves damon :
D :
D :
D The episode have Delena , Delena , Delena .
Stefan was freed from his compulsion but still Elena is willing to let him go and comforts Damon .
Plus Stefan is refusing to let his humanity come back completely .
Loving the episode because Elena and Damon fully trust each other .
Do you think it 's embarrasing to cry on American Idol ?
Say you saw someone get rejected do you think it 's embarrassing for the people who auditioned when they start crying .
The people with talent .
Can an LSW practice under Medicare in the State of Illinois as long as they receive supervision from an LCSW ?
how to reduce my run time in 3 weeks ?
how to reduce my run time in 3 weeks , is it possible to reduce my 1.5 mile run time from 12 mins to 11 mins or less in 3 weeks , if so please tell me how .
i do not want to lose weigh infact i want to gain weigh , and how would i immprove my upper body strength in this time
thanks Well you have plenty of time to change you time and 1 minute is not very hard , just push your self and something that will help is try to double your millage while training since your running 1.5 try doing a 3 mile run it is sure to help .
This is how i train along with my srla group when we training for our 5k which is 3.1 miles we started with 4.5 miles the 1st week , 2nd week then 5 miles and 3rd 6 miles we only ran twice a week .
but i suggest getting a running partner it always help , about the upper body strength it is n't recommended building upper body strength this might cause you to slow down from the extra body weight that you are gaining if you noticed all the famous running such as marathon runner Meb Keflezighi has a little of upperbody muscle .
its rare to see a great running rip and buff most of them are just toned Hi.If you want to improve strength then focus more on strength training Brake Pedal Sinks when stopping ?
My car 1991 Honda Accord problem ; brake pedal sinks all the way to the floor when stopping at high speed and I did bleeding , and replaced brake cylinder , caliper , and I do n't know why , but today when I drove , it seems pretty good , I 've look into some source that says on a hot summer day it can make your pedal sink into the floor , right now I have no idea what 's the problem , any help / tips ?
`` any help / tips ? ''
Yep ... start by asking / posting your question in the correct section of Yahoo Answers .
You want the automotive section .
This is cycling - as in bicycles .
You want `` Cars & Transportation '' then `` Maintenance & Repairs '' .
Three things come to mind
1 .
leak in one of the lines 2 .
Air somewhere in the system 3 .
Bad master cylinder
Assuming you 've bled the system correctly , and there are no leaks anywhere , I 'd replace the master cylinder .
They do n't live forever .
What si Venezuela famous for ?
What is Venezuela famous for around the world ?
Simon Bolivar , Angel Falls , Hugo Chavez , Miss Venezuela .
Beauty Queens .
Hugo Chavez .
I 'm nervous about this bath house , Club Houston on Fannin st. should I fear ?
http://search.yahoo.com/r/_ylt=A0oGdXyIeLlOMxkAg4VXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTE1bzVlbDRhBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMQRjb2xvA3NrMQR2dGlkA01TWTAwOF8xNjI-/SIG=127kv75cb/EXP=1320806664/**http%3a//www.theclubs.com/page.cfm0.000000location=houston
Do I need to know anything ?
I 'm single and gay - cransgender and like sex ... is that enough here ? ?
Can someone help me out on this DREAM ?
im kind of freaked out now . ?
okay soo a couple weeks ago i kissed this guy for the first time and spent 330 AM till 730 AM with him in a car .
Everything felt so perfect .
He is one of those extremely shy guys who hesitates with evreything .
And is completely anti social well mayB up to certain extent .
But its so weird I feel like we have an attraction to each other .
But the thing is hes very quiet and im very loud .
I had a dream a couple days ago and it felt real .
We were driving in his car and then we were talking he was kind of driving bad down the road like swerving .
He looked at me and said me and you are the same people .
Im like `` wtf ? ''
and he said `` you are me '' and he smiled and then i woke up it was soo weird cus it felt soo real .
im very diffrent from people i have a very unique personality i feel diffrent from most ppl like im alone .
It was weird cus I was asking my friend about him the next day and he said his mind is not like everyone elses at this point cus of drugs .
I know hes had alot of issuess in his life with drugs and bad friends and choices .
But with me its like I dont have my GED yet .
My life is not all too great either I dont have a job , i party .
I always want to help ppl tho Im a very good talker .
ive through alot in my life .
Idk why I feel like i have a connection with him but idk if its in my head or if its real .
Its very hard for him to open up .
He hasnt hit me up since the day we were together and that hurt me .
He told me he wanted me to help him and I always give him amazing advice .
Just to give you guys some background history of what has happened lately .
Anyways I already expressed i wanted to help him when i was with him a couple weeks ago .
Does anyone think this dream has meaning to it ?
Sometimes I feel like he might be hiding something Im just not for sure whats going on .
Ive never expressed my feelings about him or hes never expressed his feelings about me yet .
( like lovey duby feelings ) soo im just left with confusion Barcelona :
Night life dress code ?
Going to Barcelona in dec for a few days , want to check out the some gothic venues .
What is the proper dress ( Are jeans and black shirt ok , or should I wear black everything ? )
The cathedral is the most popular gothic venue in the city .
Just remember a black tie as Tumbit wisely advises .
:-)
p.s .
Here are some Spanish Goths about to hit the town with some American Brothers !
You will note that the Spanish man is wearing a black tie .
http://miblog.rafaelgo.com/2009/09/25/la-foto-obama-zapataero-family-internet-se-rie/zapatero-e-hijas / Barcelona :
They wo n't let you in without a tie .
How can I continue a dream ?
Last night I had this really good dream , and I was so upset when I woke up .
I tried falling back asleep , which I did , but it did n't really continue the dream .
Is it possible to continue a dream ?
If so , how ?
I hate it when this happens .
I also try and have them again sometimes it works and others it does n't .
Just try go to sleep and think about the dream and the story line a everyhting I 've done it before . .
but it seems to work only sometimes .
Usually once I lay down I immediately start thinking about my last dream , and where it left off , and I try to remember as much as possible about the dream .
Then once I start going to sleep , it usually will continue , or I 'll have the exact same dream again except with some details different .
It 's very strange how it works , but just whenever you lay down to sleep , try remembering the dream , and make sure it 's the last thing you 're thinking of before you sleep .
where can i buy made in canada baby clothes ?
a store in canada , but why would it matter where they were made so long as the material is hypoallergenic and of good quality ?
a rife is a shot stright up and the bullet leaves the barrel at a speed of 245m/s how long will it take the bu ?
Why do people always ask these questions ?
Its probably not for school because liberals pansies freak out if guns are mentioned in school , so what the hell ?
Have you considered asking a complete question ?
In order for me to anwer your question I need to know how high the bullet went or how long the bullet was up in the air before it lost acceleration .
peter buckley had 300 fights winning 32 ?
he had 8 ko wins and 10 ko losses , has any one else gone the distance as many times as peter 282 times he heard the finally bell or has any one had such a low inside the distance win rate under 3 0f his fights he won by ko ... ... . .
BQ i think one of the YA boxing regulars was of the ten guys to beat buckley by ko any ideas anyone .
@ BIG JAZZ Buckley was n't a bad boxer he fought a few world champs like 3 weight champ duke mckenzie and wba light welter gavin rees , acelino freitas and nassem hamed to name a few i 'm surprised no one has had a guess at the the bonus question , i thought someone would of got it .
Johnny Dundee fought 333 times in his great career .
The Italian , known affectionately as the `` Scotch Wop '' went the distance 316 times in his career .
BQ - Ca n't say ... would that be yourself LOL ?
Ha ha ha .
I never knew this , 300 fights ( For a modern Boxer , that 's OUTSTANDING ) , but 256 losses is disgraceful !
This must be surreal .
32 wins , and 8 KO 's .
What the * * * * is this clown doing in Boxing ? ? ? ?
EDIT :
Check out this guy , Reggie Strickland , 363 fights , and 276 losses : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reggie_Strickland He was n't that bad , he tested young prospects and was rarely stopped auggies auction pa horse tack auction ?
i heard about this last weekend but was n't able to go it was on the 5th and is every year in western pa does anyone have any info on it ? ? ?
Camp ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I 'm going to a camp like natures classroom .
I 'm so scared .
I 've never been to camp before .
Anyone wan na make me feel better .
No haters .
I never met a bear that I did not like .
Ask your question in `` Camping '' if you need any more information .
Do my dreams of my ex mean anything ?
?
My ex boyfriend and I have been broken up for a year now .
We dont talk atall anymore and he has a new girlfriend like 8months .
I have dreams about him all the time .
Do they mean anything ?
if you were in love with this guy that is most likely why .
and if you were happy with him and he broke up with you is also another reason why .
u are on his mind 24 7 What does my dream mean . . ? ?
Love triangle ?
( It 's long so if you do n't like long things than do n't bother answering ) It was winter and snow was on the ground .
There was this boy , he has dark hair and it 's short ( Short hair on guys is n't a turn on for me ) .
I think his eyes were a forest green .
My father did n't approve of him even though he was a friend at first.Then somewhere in the dream he kisses me , I think it was in my bedroom .
And he was randomly living with me .
It would be my first kiss also .
Later on the in the dream I was in a red shed , and I 'm looking out the window and taking pictures .
Once I step out I spot the guy I kissed .
He was outside sitting in what looked like a rocking chair , he was shirtless for some reason and I could tell that he was cold .
He had made some hand motions to bring me close to him , so I came closer .
He had looked scared , we kissed again .
But it only lasted for a second because my father had pulled into the drive way , he saw nothing .
Later on I 'm in something like a giant tree house .
There were boys all around and I think they lived with me too ...
I got shoved and pushed and I said something like this `` Sometimes I hate living with a bunch of boys '' And some of the boys picked me up as if they were going to throw me onto the ground .
But one of my classmates who I happen to have a crush on was in front of me and I grab his hand and the guy I kissed was there too , I grabbed his hand also and finally reached the ground safely .
I left go of my guy friend 's hand and kissed the guy .
My guy friend seemed anger , I think he was jealous .
Then I woke up .
I think the guy I kissed was closer guy friend who I happen to have a crush on also .
Again sorry that this is sooo long .
What does my dream mean Dreams have no hard and fast rules to interpret , just a wave of mind on the given day having limited hidden meanings .
Normally , they depict the desires , events and anxiety on stress event .
So the same can be interpreted in this perspective better by the dreaming person himself .
Normally , repressed love or sex desires are seen in ex , crush , bf , stranger man or woman and stress and insecurity in nightmares , spiders , Zombies , snakes , ghosts or alike factors but there nothing to be worried .
It is for the time being reaction of mind in the given circumstance .
May Lord keep all of us in peace and best of luck x Dead crested gecko with blood around vent ?
I found my crested Gecko dead this afternoon with no indicator as to how she died other than blood round her vent .
She was 1 year old .
How can I show my coach I 'm worth taking ?
Last night I had the first basketball tryouts for junior varsity .
There 's 7 guys coming from the team last year , which means all of them are probably making it .
Theres 15 new guys signing up for the last 5 spots .
The coach had us for a 2 hour tryout , we we 're doing things like stretching , then testing our vertical .
We ran around the gym about 20 times , and i came near last .
I 'm not athletic but I 'm good at basketball , I 've been practicing about 1.5 hours a workout and going to the gym 3 times a week .
He was scouting us for dribbling , outside shooting , and athleticism .
All of my weak points , I 'm a very good inside scorer , good rebounder , I 'm 6 `` 2 , and good defender .
At the end of the tryouts we played a scrimmage , the players from the team last year vs the new players .
The coach only gave me 1 minute of play time , but the game went on for 15 minutes ,
How can I show my coach I 'm worth taking , He 's only seeing my weaknesses , and he 's making cuts at the end of tonight 's practice .
How do I get more playtime , and show him my strengths ?
Bubby Bob ,
As I was reading your question everything struck home with me .
You are in the same situation I was in while in High school .
I 'm 6 ' 1 `` , and tried out amongst guys that were always on the team years previous , I knew I was better than most of the guys on the team , but always seemed to choke when it came time for tryouts .
All you can do is go in with confidence , and know your leaving everything on the table , make sure you leave the tryouts with no regrets .
You ca n't make the coach give you more time on the floor , so you have to make best with the time you 're given .
If you 're only given a minute , do n't try to do too much , that looks bad , just lay to your strengths as much as possible .
Two other suggestions .
Before the tryouts , go up to the coach personally and ask him the same question .
Ask him what you can do , and if you feel comfortable enough , let him know that you did n't think you had enough time to showcase your skills in the scrimmage .
After the tryouts , shake his hand , and let him know you appreciate the opportunity .
Do something Incredible like i did i made a half court shot as he walked in and he put me on the team .
if he did outside shooting and thats your weakness today hell today inside scoring and rebounding
also ask him what you can do better this shows him you care Is Prince Fielder going to the Dodgers ?
If so , what happens to James Loney at first base ?
I read an ESPN article saying that the Dodgers would move him to the outfield .
they would trade him i guess prince might also go to the Angels or Cubs .
Given the Dodgers current financial state , I do n't see them signing Fielder .
Now if a sale goes through , before Fielder signs with someone else , its a possibility , but improbable .
I was thinking about moving to Reno Nv orOlympia , WA.I wanted to know do anybody know the areas well ?
I need a to change my area right now , I am out east and it not working out for me.I want to try something else is this a pet name ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
my crush ( ive likedd for months calls me shorty all the time ( because im short and he is very tall ) he says it in a good joking way though so is it ? . . Just ... no. . . That is his image of you if you do n't like it try to change it whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ? Where can I buy a rolling step stool in Toronto ( not online ) ? Julian Jackson vs Michael Moorer ? a light heavy moorer would ko the hawk in the first round purely because jackson was alight middle and moorer won the world heavy weight title and they could both bang but completely different sizes while p4p jackson hit harder moorer is just to damm big and moorer would end this fight in 1 or 2 rounds , like they say a good biggun beats a good small un Can someone tell me where this might be in Switzerland ( Pics included ) ? I should remember this location , but I ca n't at this moment ...
Thank you ,
http://img9.imageshack.us/img9/1382/cimg2638y.jpg http://img257.imageshack.us/img257/6871/cimg2637m.jpg I ca n't be 100ure , but it looks to me that the pictures are from La Tour de-Peilz ...
I had to google the location
Great pictures by the way .
I miss Switzerland .
It is = ) How much do you tip someone who drills your bowling ball ?
That is normally considered part of the purchase .
If a ball were drilled for free as a courtesy then your tip will be considered gracious and surprising .
They may not accept the tip but consider how long it took in your offer .
$ 10 to $ 20 an hour seems appropriate to me so a 15 minute job would be a $ 5 offer and a sincere thank you .
Is the economic crisis an opportunity for change ?
What are peoples thoughts ?
Is the recession a ' blessing in disguise ' ?
no , i do n't think so .
human values is the real , true `` economy '' of life .
people still believe in the power of cash more than anything else .
if money is being taken out of people 's pockets ... and if that does not INCREASE their human values , it will DECREASE their values .
the money wo n't be the disaster .
the loss of human values will be the real disaster .
Absolutely .
When people are pushed until they demand more it results in revolution .
It doesnt have to be violent or anything .
But in today 's society it can result in shifts in voting preference .
Especially with a young progressive voting base ( if they get out to vote ) .
When is the NBA lockout going to end ?
Who knows if we are going to even have a season .
A decent chunk of games are already out the window .
do n't know but i hope soon .
right now the garden is for the rangers only increasing ticket prices for games so i hop it returns soon .
Where in Abruzzo , Italy is the best / safest to live in ?
I 'm thinking about either pescara , teramo , or chieti I definalty DO NOT WANT to live in L ' Aquila Italy has lot of earthquakes http://www.earthquake.it /
I must say an important information : you must have afraid for live in Italy , because the people are razist , false , and you ca n't find a work .
If you are foreign , you have difficult to find work and a happy life .
Italians are nice when you 're a tourist , but not if you live in Italy .
In Italy there are an economic crisis .
-- -- --
Myszka :
I live in Italy since I was born there and I had so many problems everywhere , both in big cities and small towns , and I 'm not the one : the other foreigners have a lot of problems , the same problems that I had and I have and do n't hide the truth .
Of course there are good and sincere people , but they are in the minority .
... if you not have a job , you ca n't go to italy beacouse you ca n't will find a job !
A lot of italians are angry beacause we do n't have an occupaton .
Do you live in Canada or USA ?
Stay in it beacouse it 's better to live than italy ... no , abruzzo is not good place , because are frequently eartquacke , I 'm italian Should I do JV Basketball Cheer ? ? ! ?
Ok so I 've never done cheer leading before .
I 'm a freshman in high school .
I did n't try out , but there are open spots on the team and I can get one .
I have done gymnastics for years but do n't anymore .
I have a backhandspring and can do a round off backhandspring tuck in the gym .
Should I do it ? ?
I kind of want to , but kind of do n't !
Oh and you guys that answered , I ca n't dance !
So does that change anything ?
Is the society only one reason behind an anti-social person ?
Society could be a reason , so could bad parenting , and low self esteem and Asperger 's Syndrome , and maybe just a lack of practice socializing , like being isolated from a lot of people .
If there was n't society , there would n't be any anti-social people at all .
shy Disturbing dream about going into labor ?
In my dream last night , I felt like I was in labor .
I went in a hospital and they took me up to l&d .
The rooms were all open , so you could see other people in labor .
I asked for a private room .
My husband was really quiet like he was worried .
I sat on the bed and looked at him .
He was sitting on the chair next to the bed staring into his lap. I got hooked up to the iv. The nurses did n't seem to care about anything .
I asked for meds and they started to give me shots in my back .
They said it was a new epidural .
I wanted to get up , so my husband held me and I was able to walk around .
Then I got really woozy .
I lied down on the bed , and he rubbed my back and told me how much he loved me .
I was holding my dog tags in my hand .
I handed them to him and held his hand .
He kept saying I hope our baby girl is okay .
The dr came over to give me more shots in the back and I started to freak out because he was doing it wrong .
I then had to go to the bathroom and my husband came along and there was blood all over me and the baby started to come out in pieces .
I got back on the bed and the dr said that was fine .
I then woke up .
In real life I 'm 33 weeks pregnant and I 'm having a boy not a girl .
What could this mean ?
Dreams have no hard and fast rules to interpret , just a wave of mind on the given day having limited hidden meanings .
Normally , they depict the desires , events and anxiety on stress event .
So the same can be interpreted in this perspective better by the dreaming person himself .
Normally , repressed love or sex desires are seen in ex , crush , bf , stranger man or woman and stress and insecurity in nightmares , spiders , Zombies , snakes , ghosts or alike factors but there nothing to be worried .
Pregnancy dreams means , u are scared to be preggo or if pregoo fear to lose baby It is for the time being reaction of mind in the given circumstance .
May Lord keep all of us in peace and best of luck x I have had two kids and while I was pregnant with both of them ...
I had strange dreams about my baby and childbirth as well more than one .
I think it 's your own mind playing out the fears you have about labour and having a baby , nothing to worry about .
In one of my dreams I had given birth to a black cat !
I had it swaddled in blankets , carried it around and showed it off to people like it was a baby ... lol wtf ?
Weird right ... your body is raging with hormones right now , maybe that has something to do with it .
I think weird baby dreams are just part of the pregnancy ... your mind playing out insecurities and fears that you might be having .
Maybe even subconsious thoughts .
If you could help would be much appreciated . ?
How to increase output to natural or equilibrium rate using fiscal policy ?
Question seems strange .
How is it ' natural ' if you are using fiscal policy .
What about lowering interest rates to try and motivate people to borrow .
Or increase government spending on specific projects .
Also consider the use of equilibrium in this question .
Is the equilibrium the point of full employment .
If economy is already at full employment you need increase in technology to increase output .
You should usually assume Ceteris paribus condition .
soon , we will all burst and it 's just going to be swampy and the only real thing left is not output
no
but rather reeling it in , wrapping it up tight , stuff like that .
fiscal dieting .
drive it back , force it down ...
NO sharing .
deproduction .
conservation .
i 'm VERY sorry .
i 'm only here to amuse myself .
sorry .
Am i sometimes seeing the future in my dreams ?
I dream alot recently .
Im 13 male .
Sometimes it 's very weird .
Ever since i was 5,i could sometimes see things in my dreams .
Then recall doing it again .
Recently i dreamt i watched a music video , not knowing its name , whatever , just watching it .
I heard it today and reckon i dreamt the future .
I 'm scared .
It 's happened before , i can see things before they happen .
Am i wierd ?
Whats wrong with me ?
Is it possibly a stage of puberty or something ?
This was the music video , if it has anything to do with it ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39BirET8OIg Totally Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs - Garden And yes , i know its the song from the Nokia Lumia advert .
But it 's not that .
the Nokia advert doesnt have the video .
plus , it 's happened lots of times .
No no this happens to everyone all dream doing something or saying something and like a couple months or years later i will say it or do it and im like whoa i had dream about this How long does it take to learn how to get off a chair lift on a snowboard ?
I have always had a huge interest in snowboarding .
I finally got to snowboard for the first legit time last winter .
It took awhile to learn but by the end of the day , I was doing pretty well , able to make it down the hills easily without falling .
But one thing I sucked at was getting off the chairlift .
I feel every time and it was pretty embarrassing .
It 's so difficult for me .
Either way , I am going again this winter .
I 'm sure everything will be tough at the beginning but I feel I will be able to get a hang of it quicker than last time .
But how long will it take me to get off the chair lift cleanly ?
Any tips ?
I teach this nearly every weekend in winter .
I finally wrote everything down .
Tips for Getting Off a Ski Chair Lift on a Snowboard - http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/2618299/tips_for_getting_off_a_ski_chair_lift.html?cat=14
Getting on and off a ski lift with a snowboard - http://www.helium.com/items/1094665-how-to-use-a-chair-lift-how-to-load-a-chair-lift-using-a-chair-lift-with-a Getting off the chair lift is difficult at first , but very easy once you get the hang of it .
I think it 's difficult b / c your foot is not in the binding , but rather on the stomp pad .
So , maybe try finding a place that 's pretty flat like the bunny hill and just practice riding with one foot strapped in and the other on the stomp pad .
After a little practice I 'm sure you could figure it out by the end of the day .
Oh , if you 're lucky , the person next to you might let you hold onto them while getting off the lift as well ... as long as you do n't take them down with you .
Yeah it 's pretty hard at first but after 3 or 4 trips you will be a pro. Do n't try to turn your self with your front foot that is in your bindings .
Just get off straight and do n't really try to turn or anything .
Is there any one the only horse racing systems that work ?
This question is asked often , my answer is this - As a handicapper for many years , there are no magic systems , handicappers or formulas I promise you. , there is NO certainty in racing , any system is NOT assured , it 's a game of chance .
But , I can help you get on your way with knowledge that helps ...
YOU first must know how to understand race horse handicapping .
Assuming you do n't . .
you will definitely need to know how to read a horse racing form .
Handicapping is a skill in which one gets better with time , and with time your skill will still continue to grow .
I 've been handicapping for years and still find new angles .
When making picks , I first handicap the race , I look at each horse 's performance under prior racing conditions that most matches the conditions of the track and race that day .
This information is usually in the program .
The Daily Racing Form ( DRF ) is a great source on - line and is usually on sale at the track , this form is designed to provide all of the past performance information , as well as articles , analysis , and handicapper picks and tips .
Keep in mind , The Daily Racing Form has an incredible amount of information entered into a small space , so abbreviations are used , and columns are used .
It 's not as confusing as you would think .
Once you 're familiar with reading the Information properly , it becomes very easy .
The bottom line is to seek for clues to predict the winner of the race .
Most importantly , handicapping is taking all of the available information , combining it all , and analyzing the horses .
The more information you utilize in your picks , over time you will better your chances of having winning tickets .
It is , of course , NOT guaranteed that you 'll always have the winner , you 're dealing only with probabilities and possibilities , because Horse Racing is very unpredictable , anything can happen at any time and it usually does , so if anyone promises a guaranteed pick , do n't ever believe it , for it 's impossible .
I enjoy horse racing , however , I only bet on certain races , mostly the High Stake Races .
I do it for fun , and manage my money wisely .
I 'm very active in helping race horses , trainers and owner , and the Industry , so it 's more than a betting game to me .
I love it , and I 'm not in it for the gamble .
Always remember there is NO Guarantee in anything !
The odds on a horse are a good indicator of where the horse is expected to finish ( a horse with 2/1 odds has a better chance of winning than a 30/1 horse , but the 30/1 horse is a much better payout , however , if you want to play it safe , look for a horse with at least 3/1 odds ) .
Other factors to take into consideration :
When did the horse run its last race ?
Experts say you want your horse to have run a race within the last 28 days to be sure it 's in good shape .
How many horses are competing ?
Obviously , it 's a lot harder to pick a winner when there are a lot of contestants in the race .
What does it say on the horses form ?
If there is a C , the horse has won on that track before .
If there is a D , the horse has won on that distance before .
These are both good bets .
These are some tips , however , there 's a whole lot more to handicapping , and it 's a skill that takes time and the learning never ends .
Good Luck To YOU !
Have Fun !
: ) Everything Sandra said is true , however I am not good at handicapping unless I have actually seen most of the horses race ( on TV ) .
I still look at past performances , but I need to see how it runs ... went to the lead at the start , came from behind , has a great kick at the end , etc. Without seeing their races , it is hopeless for me !
( This is why I ca n't figure out the older horses , I did n't see them run last year ) .
I am a `` visual '' handicapper and that is what works for me .
I want to see what the horse looks like physically and mentally while in the paddock area .
Past performances will only go so far and what really matters , is how the horse is acting and looking before the race and at that very moment .
`` Too much analysis causes paralysis '' is what I get from PP homework ... .
... .
Billy Ray `` Meikyo '' Is there any one the only horse racing systems that work ?
Is there any one the only horse racing systems that work ?
Got to say , that did n't make a lot of sense .
However I can tell you that the only way ( other than fixing the races ) to increase your chances of winning when betting on horses is to take the time to study form and past results ... and even then there are so many variables that you wo n't get it right every time .
If the bookies get it wrong so often , normal punters do n't stand much of a chance .
I think you need to add some details as I have no idea what you 've just asked .
Is there any one the only horse racing systems that work ?
WTF !
The more horse power the better , if that confuses you then have a look , you posted in the MOTOR CYCLE RACING FORUM .
Who do you think will win the 2012 NHL Stanley Cup ?
Do n't say Toronto !
Although give them credit !
They are starting off great !
I believe the team that wins the last game of the postseason will raise the Stanley Cup .
If you 're looking for an actual team , then it 's way too early .
Considering that Dallas , Edmonton , and Minnesota are near the top of their conference , I 'll wait to make an educated guess until the season is a little older .
NY RANGERS ! ! !
Los Angeles Pittsburgh Chicago
One of those 3 What size of FLOW NXT - AT snowboarding bindings should I buy ?
I am wanting to buy FLOW NXT - AT snowboarding bindings .
Size large is for boot sizes 7.5 - 11.5 & x-large is for 11 - 15 .
I wear a Burton size 11 .
I am right on the boarder between L & X-L .
Any recommendations ?
Is there somewhere I can sell plastic lids ?
?
I have been saving plastic water bottle / Gatorade / soda lids and I was wondering if you could sell them somewhere ?
I live on the east coast of Pennsylvania .
If you can help thankyou I appreciate it !
: ) yes , you can sell it to me .
i need it , it is my business of recycling , so i need it .
What does my dream about my ex mean ?
Okay we have been broken up for a little more then a year .
We were together for three and we were in love wit eachother .
We just kinda lost the love in the end .
He has girlfriend now .
I have dreams about him all the time .
Its good dreams .
Just us talking again and kissing and stuff .
Hes always such a sweetheart in my dreams .
Should I contact him ?
What doI say ?
you should definitly try to contact him .
that kind of dream means true love and that he is your soulmate .
I belive he is having the same dream but if you do not contact him soon then you could lose him forever .
It means you should try it again because it is fate that you are supposed to be together .
call or text him .
if you do n't have his # facebook messagwe him .
or email him .
Dont let him slip away !
is 20.24 a good time for a 9 year old at a 5k race he ran his first race in 25.18 and second one in 20.24 ?
As a cross country coach of elementary children , I would have to say that this is an awesome time .
This is just over a 6:30 mile average .
This kid can join my team anytime !
I would say that is an unbelievable time , especially with a 5 minute improvement .
this is a pretty great time for a 9 year .
Thats about the time a 14 - 16 year old gets my first 5 was 23 minutes so not bad at all Bicycle greasing question ?
I 'm planning on tearing into this old bike and re-greasing the crank and goose neck / fork area .
My dad has this old and I mean like 20 year old container of car wheel bearing grease in the garage that I 'm thinking of using .
Does this stuff go bad after certain periods of time ?
I would spend a few dollars and get some lite lithium grease and redo all the bearings .
If the old grease is not caked up or dried out it will work .
You can get lite grease at the local Walmart or Auto zone .
It should be more than adequate for your purposes as long as it was sealed and not contaminated with water or crud .
I 've got a tub at least that old that I 've been using .
Do n't forget the hub bearings .
The old grease should be fine .
Economics or Finance ?
non-target private school will add math minor + military leadership minor ( for marine OCS )
I hear economics is skewed because of Ivy league schools without an undergrad business school .
My school has no national ranking in economics , but is decent ( i say that loosely ) in business - somewhere in the low 30 ' s.
I feel econ would be better for grad school after service as opposed to finance .
Thoughts ?
Finance is really a specialized area within Economics .
So Econ is indeed better for fundamental stuff like graduate school And Finance is better for getting a job that pays a lot , as long as you can handle the math and the stress .
If your school is better in one field than the other , go for that field .
Regional Dummy Variables in cross section regression analysis ?
I am trying to find a standard for determining what i should use for dummy variables in a economic growth regression involving 85 countries around the world .
I should have some kind of regional dummy but it does not make sense to use only north america , south america , Africa Asia , etc.
Is there some kind of standard .
for example southeast Asia , northern Africa , east / western Europe , Caribbean , etc. How do i account for islands , etc. even if they are not specifically used ( as i have 85 countries ) this is a ' best look ' at the world as a whole .
If there are any links to cite - post them ! !
Thanks ! ! !
Pomeranian is shaking ?
I have an 8 year old Pomeranian .
His hair was getting long so he got poop in it after he used the bathroom .
I waited till I got off work to give him a bath yesterday .
I wrapped him in towels and put him in his playpen .
today he was shaking again and I shaved his but so he would n't get poop on it because he goes psycho if he has poop on him .
Now he just threw up twice .
I ca n't take him to the vet until tomorrow .
What could this be and what can I do for him idk what its called but my dad said his dog had it and it could be a disease .
( the shakes ) the reason i asked him cuz my 2 year old dog did it .
but i t turned out he had worms and a little anxiety .
so those r three cases of why a dog could shake .
i hope ur lil doggy is ok : ) my dogs a Pomeranian and cocker spaniel so maybe its Pomeranian thing .
Sometimes it 's the shampoo , it can cause poisoning through the skin .
The vet should be able to sort it out .
Actually you may need to call the E-Vet .
I know someone whose dear little King Charles Spaniel died after a shampoo ( anaphylactic shock reaction . )
Puppy is throwing up milky white fluid ?
I have a five month old husky puppy .
I switched his food from Pedigree to Blue Buffalo about two weeks ago , and I think he 's responding well to it .
Just now he threw up some milky white stuff with brown chunks in it .
I 'm worried it 's a food intolerance .
His feces ( sorry if this is gross ) was very mushy and not solid when he was on the Pedigree , but it 's hardened up since I switched his food , and I thought diarrhea was one of the symptoms of a food allergy / intolerance .
It 's possible he got into something , although not likely , he was in his crate for three hours , I came home , took him outside to potty , gave him a plastic water bottle to chew on , and then he started barfing .
He 's vomited before , but it was foamy and white , and when I googled it everyone said it was normal and it just happens from time to time .
This was NOT foamy , and looked a lot like milk , and like I said had brown chunks in it ( looked like his food ) .
Also , if it 's relevant , he 's teething .
Last night he lost his baby molar .
( If any fellow dog - lovers could give me some tips on teething , that 'd be very appreciated ! )
My dogs did n't do well on Blue Buffalo either .
Some people have great success and some people do n't .
My little guy would eat the BB and then vomit up what looked like mucous with a few chunks of a food in it .
Try mixing some rice in it , it helps to settle the tummy so does fresh pineapple .
Teething is just a natural thing , it happens and they will lose teeth from time to time just make sure you get him nice rubbery toys that are massaging to chew on and keep an eye on him so he does n't chew things he 's not supposed to while he 's seeking relief for his gums .
What I did when I changed my dog 's fod was not to change immediately for about two weeks I gave a bit of both together before completely changing the diet the poo is normal the throwing up is quite normal too but if he does it again call a vet .
( His body is trying to adjust to the new food ) Not all dogs get the runs with a change in food .
He is on a better food now so that is good .
Evey time I change my dogs foods they have some sort of reaction but not always the same .
Keep up with the new food .
If you dog does not stop throwing up in a week , consult a vet .
The chunks are food because he has not digested it all .
whats a good martial art that does lots of strikes to the throat and eyes ?
i want to become a lethal weapon , the most badass ever to walk the streets , which martial art is the best at striking to the throat and all the pressure points ?
i want to be a lethal weapon because i am afraid of everything , even to go out at night , even to walk down the street , why ?
because i was abused as a kid for years by people who were meant to protect me basically all martial arts teach strikes to the throat and pressure points and that is the reason why they are called martial arts ( because it is about defending our lives or loved ones by any means which might include throat and pressure point striking and which could be seriously harmful or lethal moves necessary if the situation calls for it ) which should not be confused with martial sport .
like others said before you should check the dojo 's and instructor 's certifications so you will not be drawn into a mcdojo.getting drawn into a mcdojo is bad enough already as it is , but even if you went to a serious martial arts academy you would have to be very careful because you ca n't just use that kind of techniques and expect no liability after wards .
it would probably be Kung Fu , Either Mantis or Cobra style Any form of self - defense will have strikes to the throat and eyes .
Why were the Allies ( Great Britain , Russia , and the United States ) able to win World War II ?
Does my puppy remember her sister ?
Basically , my family bought a one year old Maltese puppy from a breeder and my mom 's boyfriend bought my puppy 's sister .
They see each other a few times a week and they get so excited when they see each other and love to play together .
I 'm wondering do my puppy and her sister know that they are from the same litter and know that they have a closer connection than my puppy has to any other dog ?
Thanks .
I believe that they do know because dogs have a very good instinct and a good memory as well .
I do think that they remember eachother which is why they play so nicely together .
I hope i helped !
( : might More than likely they do ... . most dogs have an outstanding memory . and scents stay with them forever . So the odds are that your dogs do remember eachother Why do I always wake up when the good part of my dream is about to happen ?
the sun ?
my room gets no sunlight it 's dark 24/7 in here sun wakes you up i dont know that sometimes happens to me all the time its really annoying Do u even want a shortened NBA season ?
Im a big NBA fan but an abbreviated season doesnt seem very enticing .
Last time we had an NBA champion from a shortened season it was the Spurs and Phil Jackson said there should be an asterisk next to that championship cuz its not like a real championship and he has a point .
I want a full 82 game season w / o teams playing 4 days in a row to get it in .
Cant they just play a regular 82 games and have the finals in august and have a short off season next year ?
YES ...
I need something to watch after NFL ... .
I want a full 82 games .
but I still take what they going to offer .
I agree with you except for the fact that they should start playing now and have the Finals in August . .
Some teams do n't do very well at the beginning of the season and need time to heat up , like most teams start winning games at the second half of the season , for example the Spurs
So there ca n't really be a true NBA championship team due to that fact , I just wish there is an NBA season next year , cause this year does n't look so well ! !
August ?
You do know that the Olympics are this year so they need the season to end in time so players can participate .
Also if they end in August that would mess up future seasons .
Do you prefer to be called British or English , Welsh , Scottish or Northern Irish ?
I personally do n't like being called British .
British to me is just a generalisation and for some reason , outsiders think Britain is just England .
They call the Scottish , Scottish and the Welsh , Welsh , but the English are always the British .
I much prefer being known as English first as that is the country I was born in .
What do you think ?
I am Scottish .
I would never call myself British .
Why would I ?
It 's meaningless .
British Scottish - I never have nor will make an affirmation to bear true allegiance to either Elizabeth Windsor , her heirs and sucessors or pledge loyalty to the British state .
Although I will happy affirm my allegiance to Scotland and the Scottish people to protect and defend the rights and freedom of the nation and respect the Soveriegn will of her people , Faithfully fulfilling my duty and obligations * as a citizen of Scotland to respect , observe and unhold the law and principle values of equality , justice and fairness for all .
* Although conscientiously objecting to bearing arms and / or participating in acts of aggression and violence against others ; whilst they pose no threat to my life or the lives of innocent people .
My guppies eyes are big and black , what do I do ?
I have had my guppies for about two weeks .
I have 2 guppies , 2 platies , 2 snails , and an algae eater .
They are in a 10 gallon tank with a few decorations .
I feed them 2 times a day and I keep their temperature in the 72 - 78 range .
One of my guppies eyes stay big and black and have been like that for about 10 days .
The other morning I checked on him and his eyes were fine , but now they are black again .
Anyone know whats wrong and what I can do to help him ?
well just wait to see what happens ... but before that the best to ask would be a vet or the person thatt works at the pet store ... good luck Call the vet or the petstore ...
One last word , salute , comment for a true gentleman of the sport like Joe Frazier ?
Joe was always his own man and was a friend to fans of all races .
He spoke proper English and was a great fighter for the most part .
His KO of Bob Foster with the left hook is one of the ages .
An Olympic champ and the man who first gave a boxing lesson to the arrogant and media 's favorite , Ali .
I do n't want to talk about the whole Frazier - Ali thing , because i am honoring a great man that Frazier was , I could care less for Ali .
Goodbye Joe , you will be missed !
I am honoring the great man first , then the boxer , with a traditional Greek goodbye song from another great man who left this world early .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_3G2VvzYSI&feature=related Joe Frazier was the ultimate warrior in the ring and conducted himself with dignity and class outside of the ring and was a devoted father and husband and someone who gave us all inspiration .
He was fearless in the ring and had the greatest left hook in history in my opinion .
A a teenager I bought a pair of gloves and tried to emulate Joe because he was my hero and true fighters fighter !
I loved the fact that he was the first man to defeat Ali .
Joe you will be missed very much .
R.I.P .
Joe Frazier Farewell to a legend , one of the true immortals in boxing history .
Joe was a fighter , a warrior till the end , an epitome of heart and courage in the ring , a gentleman and a class act out of it .
He will never be forgotten .
R.I.P .
Champ .
God bless .
Cancer is a terrible thing .
Anybody who ever met Joe Frazier said what a gentleman he was .
He was a loving family man and would help out needy causes .
As a fighter Frazier pulled himself up from nothing to the heavyweight championship of the world .
He was n't the biggest heavyweight but was the definition of heart and of course had that great left hook .
R.I.P to a great man and a great fighter , my condolences go out to his family .
is there any sasquatches in michigan ? ? ? ? ?
if there is any sightings of a sasquatch make it ur pro pic so i can see if u just see one tell me where it is plz aliens 2 ! ! ! !
:
D :
D :
Dchloe Plenty ! !
They live in colonies all over the country .
Typically found out in the deep woods ... the better fed typically can be found in trailer parks .
Just follow the smell and the garbage , and you 'll find them .
If you go to BFRO.net you can look up sightings by state .
He has `` PATERNAL '' instincts ... ...
You 're very lucky .
These two will be friends for life ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . .
Yes , in the wild the Male dogs hunt to provide the food ( the females do too except the mother while the puppies are young ) the puppies always eat first .
Yes .
My male dachshund was very maternal to a female deaf puppy we have .
how much is a harrington and richardson inc 20 guage shotgun worth ?
topperjr 88 model These are very common and fairly inexpensive .
I have seen them as low as $ 65 retail in used fair condition .
That 's the least expensive price I have seen them stickered for .
Most are somewhere between there and $ 120 .
$ 75 - 125 buying one brand new at the gunstore ?
Expect to pay between $ 120 - 150
selling one in near brand new condition ?
Expect to sell it at a gunshow for $ 50 - 80 , and be offered $ 20 - 40 at the gun store .
You can usually find well used single shot 20 gauges in the very back of the gunshop for $ 75 hamster diabetic ? ?
Help ! ?
my dwarf hamster has been acting strange lately , its only young and i got it from my friend who 's hamsters had babies as they were miss sexed , so it was n't on purpose , we 'll leave the breading to breaders and petshops .
Anyway it 's been drinking A LOT and also peeing a lot and sometimes its pee smells funny .
It is n't usually aggressive unless you wake it up but lately it 's been very agressive and biting alot .
it exercises a lot and then has long dragged out sleep and is very lethargic afterwards .
it eats a lot ( has the musili type mix ) and sometimes just falls asleep while he 's in his ball .
he also shakes and quivers .
it used to be fat but its lost a lot of weight quite rapidly and now is normal size but gaining .
my friend said she had a hamster that had diabetes and it had these symptoms .
what do i do ? ?
do i have to feed it certain things or take it to the vet or what ? ?
thankyououu ! !
( immature answers will be ignored ) It is possible he has diabetes ; good job researching the symptoms .
You are correct that the increase in drinking and frequent urination are two of the main ones .
The trembling can also be another .
Type 2 diabetes can usually be controlled with diet whereas type 1 diabetes is insulin dependent .
Details on diabetes in hamsters follow :
http://www.hamsterific.com/IllnessGuide.cfm#Diabetes
Increase in drinking along with frequent urination are also symptoms of UTIs ( Urinary Tract Infection ) .
The urine often has a foul smell .
Do you see any blood in it ?
This is also a common symptom as is hearing the hamster squeal when he goes tinkle .
An oral antibiotic is necessary to clear this up .
Hamsterific has a symptom list where you can check to read more about health issues .
The link is below :
http://www.hamsterific.com/IllnessGuide.cfm
I am sorry your hamster is ill. The exotic vet can recommend a diet plan if your little one has diabetes or he can give you a prescription for antibiotics if he has an UTI .
I hope he improves soon .
Take it to a vet ! ! !
ASAP !
Hamsters die really quickly !
My dog has a red spot on his stomach .
It is near his but but is on his stomach .
It is a circle no bu ?
My dog has a red spot on his stomach .
It is near his but but is on his stomach .
It is a circle no bump i tryed to wipe it off but nothing came off .
please help asap he is a 3 years old and a miz of a bichon frise and a shih tzu My dog has a red spot that my family was worried about as well .
We took him to the vet only to find out that it was a birthmark .
It could be a birthmark but if your still concerned i recommend taking your dog to the vet to be safe .
Hope I helped !
He has probably been itching himself .
Maybe put one of those cones on his head and see if it goes away .
: ) What skis should I buy ?
Hi .
I used to be an Advanced skier however I injured my knee and moved away from the mountain .
Its been 3 years , knee is fine and I 'm getting back into skiing .
It will take me a while to get comfortable at the level I was before but I want skis that will be ready for when I decide to push it .
I 'm 6FT ( 182cm ) and weigh 190 pounds .
I like speed , powder ( however the mountain I ski has allot of groomed runs and I 'm not crazy about jumps . I think all mountain twin tip skis would work best .
Not sure on what brand to go with .
My budget is about 500 $ for skies no bindings .
I found 2009 183 LINE BLEND , 132 - 100 - 122 skies , c / w marker griffon bindings .
Or 2012 178 Rossignol s3 , 128 - 98 - 118 for 500 $ no bindings .
Those are just a couple I have seen for sale .
Any suggestions would be great .
I was going to go with a smaller width size but I heard its better to go bigger .
most skies around 90mm width can still handle groomed runs fine .
True ?
Go for the Volkl Mantra .
I have skied many skis and that is by far the most versatile ski .
IT CAN DO ANYTHING ON A MOUNTAIN .
Forget the twin tips unless you are big into riding switch .
Most of the shops and online retailers are pushing the new wider skis because that is the thing now .
With your experience I suggest a local ski swap first and try to find a good pair that are 84mm + under foot .
Too much wider and the groomers with speed will get very touchy for stability and carving .
If you can find a demo day you should have more choices .
180 cm is about right for your skills and size , powder can be skied with any width ski under foot , it 's just easier with a wider ski since you are skiing on top rather than through it .
How you tune your skis makes a big difference in how they perform and how easy they turn and carve .
I'de recommend the K2 rictors .
They are forgiving yet extremely versatile , so not only will they help you ski better , but once the time comes , you can push them all you want .
They are a very good choice for a one ski quiver and will handle just about anything .
Their grip is excellent too !
Are First Bus of Bristol LEGALLY allowed to confiscate over 60,s bus pass , s if they are faded ?
My dad had to walk miles home when the First Bus Eastern European driver took his pass and refused to return it , because it was faded .
It was issued by Bristol Council , and still valid .
concessionary buss passes and the like tend to remain the property of the issuer not the user .
If it was sufficiently faded for the driver to consider it defaced then he would be entitled to retain it .
In any event First Bus have a complaints section on their website , think it might be worth visiting .
no , should sue them !
xx Your dad was not forced to walk miles .
He had the option of buying a ticket for the journey from the driver .
The driver must be able to read the pass clearly .
otherwise he can not tell whether it is forged or otherwise interfered with where can i buy a Peugeott Bike ?
If you go to this link ... http://www.peugeot.com/en/products/cycles.aspx and look on the right side of the web page - it will state `` Select your country '' .
The USA is not listed .
Two in my garage .
Probably you can purchase it online.Try with http://peugeottbike.rtsoft.net / I need some serious advice ... ?
Today , I 'm having my second day of basketball tryouts .
Yesterday , the first day , was complete torture .
I feel like I did n't make a good impression on the coaches because of my abnormally poor performance ( I have n't even really picked up a basketball in several months ) .
I also woke up this morning with incredibly awful pain in both of my legs due to the running around .
Not only that , but my odds of actually making the team are really slim considering the competition I have to go up against .
I really do n't think I should go today , but my mom has already planned to take off work and had to lie to her boss about it so that he would let her take half a day off .
This makes me feel as if I need to go .
She 's not forcing me , I 'd just feel really terrible if she took off half a day of work for nothing .
The thing is , though , if I do n't make the team ( not to sound like a downer , but this seems likely ) it will be a wasted day anyway .
What should I do ?
Should I go or stay home because of my slim chances ?
go and huste your ass off the coach still might take you u never know just go plus your mom tookd work off if yyou tell her shell proabbly say its fine but she willl think she wasted her day Well , first of all , I think it depends on if you 're planning on trying out next year .
If you do plan on trying out next year , then it would be essential that you go today , if you do n't then the coaches will label you as a quitter .
Even the best players have `` off '' days , and the coaches know that , so if you go in today and impress them , then it 's likely that they will forget about the previous day .
Your chances may be slim , but if you do n't go today , then you 're making your chances for the future even slimmer .
i Have a few gymnastics questions ?
1 .
I need someone to explain to me how to do a kip so i can go to a higher level 2 .
im 14 and im wondering if its too late to start going on a team 3 .
I need advice on how to not be scared of doing tricks on the beam 4 .
What are the requirements for being on a team Thanks .
14 is not too old , but be prepared to train with younger kids .
Gymnastics is based on level , not age .
You can increase your degree of difficulty on bars by doing a kip .
I have an extremely difficult beam routine and am currently number 1 in my gym .
Do n't think about it .
Just picture yourself on the soft , cushiony mats that you do your floor routine on .
That 's how I do it .
I picture myself winning Worlds .
Sorry I can only answer 3 .
3 .
Answer - Keep your head up and do n't think negative or bad thoughts will somebody , anybody please explain price elasticity to me ! ! ?
we are doing it in economics and i dont understand it at all , so any help at all would be good : ) In economics , elasticity is the measurement of how changing one economic variable affects others .
For example :
`` If I lower the price of my product , how much more will I sell ? ''
`` If I raise the price , how much less will I sell ? ''
`` If we learn that a resource is becoming scarce , will people scramble to acquire it ? ''
Generally , a good with an inelastic demand curve is more of a `` need '' than one for which demand is more elastic .
Gasoline is a good example of a good with inelastic demand , because people depend on it , and for most people there is no practical alternative .
Like all goods , the amount of gasoline sold decreases as the price increases ( all else remaining equal ) , but significant price increases lead to relatively small decreases in sales .
This would be relative to almost any other consumer good , from chewing gum to televisions .
Industrial commodities , like copper and titanium , also have fairly inelastic demand curves .
Supply can also be more or less elastic .
Production of some goods can be increased greatly in response to increasing demand , while the production of other goods can not .
Inelastic supply and demand tend to go together .
So TNA Impact wasted what about 2 years time ?
just to make Sting the GM huh ... .
so what is big payoff ?
He wrestled for two years .
There was no `` build up '' .
That 's a ridiculous as saying Shawn Michaels was `` build up '' to be the commission by wrestling for 15 years before it .
Macroeconomics Question ?
If producer confidence in the economy increases , economists would say that this is a
a ) positive demand shock that shifts AD to the left .
b ) positive demand shock that shifts SRAS to the left .
c ) positive demand shock that shifts AD to the right .
d ) positive supply shock that shifts AD to the right .
e ) positive supply shock that shifts SRAS to the left .
Thanks !
Baby Black Piranha ( Serrasalmus Rhombeus ) ?
How can you tell if it 's a `` Baby Black Piranha '' when at the store and not just any other serrasalmus species .
If heat is n't working in house , how to keep newborn puppies warm ?
The house might get to 50 degrees at night .
I have a whelping box , anything I can put in it ?
Heat lamp hung above wheling box .
Heat pads , if Dame is not a chewer .
Also , plastic baggie filled with plain , old dehydrated rice , right from teh box , wamred ina microwave .
Rice holds its temp far longer than water and is plyable as puppies snuggle into it .
Too , 50 degress is not excessivley cold for the mothers own body heat to prevent pups form getting chilled .
just got to insure no pup is puched out from mos body by other pups seeking warmth .
It depends how young the puppies are , the mother 's body heat will help and a blanket would help too but the heater would be great .
can you put a cool to the touch space heater near the whelping box ?
or maybe a heating pad set to the lowest setting and wrapped in towels / blankets ?
What is your experience with laser rangefinders on the golf course ?
Do they really work ?
Are they worth the $ ?
I am considering buying a laser rangefinder for golf such as one made by Bushnell or Nikon and am skeptical about how well they work - like picking up a flag / flagstick from 200 yards out with a complicated background .
What about getting the distance to a hazard like a bunker or a water hazard ?
If you have used one and have an opinion , I would like to hear about it .
Thanks .
Who would win these matches ?
Stone Cold vs Randy Orton
Cena vs The Rock
Kharma vs Beth vs Chyna
Mickie James vs Trish Stratus vs Lita
Jeff hardy vs CM PUnk Stone Cold Steve Austin
John Cena
Beth Phoenix The Glamazon
Mickie James
CM Punk stone cold the rock chyna trish cm punk cena would What would a hockey fan like more ?
Ok so for Christmas i was planning on buying my bf a Kessel jersey .
But then I was at the store and saw a nice Leafs jacket from last year - nice and fleecy inside , had the logo big on the back and a little one on the front .
Looked warm and it was the size he liked .
For about the same price .
He has 2 jerseys already at home - but no player ones And he just bought a new coat not too long ago .
So which one :
S He said he was looking at another jacket before but it was a leather one .
This one is n't leather Buy tickets to a game instead Go with the jacket .
buy the jersey .
Kessel is on fire !
EDIT : actually , get the jacket .
Why would you buy a kessel jersey when he already has 2 jerseys at home with no player on it ! ?
If you REALLY want him to have a Kessel jersey ... you can take one of his blank jerseys at home , and get Kessel 's name and # stitched on for only $ 50 bucks .
19th century modernity ... essay ?
1 .
The close of the nineteenth century saw an increasingly pessimistic attitude to the experience of modernity `` . Discuss
dear god i am so stuck its unreal .
im not asking anyone to answer my question for me ( well kinda lol ) but i just need a point in the right direction ! ! !
I 've got a few main points and structure of my essay plan but i cant work out why there was a sudden change of heart and people didnt like modernity ... .
is it to do with religion and not having anything to believe in anymore ?
is it because through modernisation . .
came bureaucratic domination and the public objected to the idea of being controlled ?
please someone give me ANY ideas ! ! !
thanks The Rock or John Cena Who will win ?
I think that John Cena is going to win the match becasue he is the current face of the WWE and they wo n't let the face look bad , especially at Wrestlemania .
The Rock just came back and I doubt he will stay for a long long time so I dobut he will win the match .
well if john cena can beat big show then john cena is your man the rock Who is best cricketer in the world ?
Probably safe to say Kallis .
Mike Hussey Only Best Cricketer Can Make Most Record Of Runs In Test Cricket .
Only Best Cricketer Can Take Most Wickets In Test Cricket .
I Do n't Know Who Are They ? ?
Most Runs Makers And Most Wickets Takers In TEST MATCH ! ! .
So how many more times will the TNA gold be passed around ?
It went from Kurt Angle to James Storm to Robert Roode in about a time period of 3 weeks ... . .
so will everybody in Fortune get a chance to be champion before Jan 2012 ?
Cool as many times cena wins the wwe belt I agree with Jeff Why is baseball or football better than basketball ?
Anybody know of any ( enpty ) Woolworths stores in the UK with the `` Woolworths '' lettering still there ?
not really What 's a slogan to put on a basketball Student Section shirt for the Eagles ?
Our team is the Eagles , I need as many ideas as possible !
Hold on to your meat , cause we gon na get it ! !
LMAO , that was bad but whatever . .
Why is football & basketball BETTER than baseball ?
Cheap resort deals for honeymoon in Az ?
2 - 4 night stay in phoenix or sedona for my sisters honeymoon this saturday night .
looking for a really good deal , already tried all the popular sites , hotwire , travelocity , groupon , etc. are there any places I could call for specific honeymoon deals or something ?
Our any coupons specials going on right now ?
Where can I go to buy a basketball with a white area so someone could sign it ?
Like at a store ? !
I know what basketball you are asking about , but I 've only seen it online .
You can most likely find it at Dick 's Sporting Goods .
if some one is going to sign it , you want the official basketball .
it would worth more .
what you saying is like asking Kobe to sign a Volleyball ... .
it is not going to worth much .
You can visit the following web site
http://www.adprospb.com/footballs-basketballs.html
There they have a variety of sporting equipment with white panels designed for signatures .
If you 're not going for value , then this is the way to go , if you want higher value for the signature , then you 'd want an official NBA basketball , of NCAA , etc. What do we need to visit Canada ?
My boyfriend wans to go for his 20th birthday .
Will we need a passport , different types of money ?
What is there to do in Canada ?
yes passport and yes - canadian dollars
if you are only planning on visiting places very close to the border then some of them may accept US Dollars .
to do in canada :
CN Tower - Downtown Toronto Niagara Falls Casinos - Niagara Falls Sports games museums ontario science centre - Toronto world class restaurants - downtown toronto entertainment - entertainment district downtown toronto world class gelato - italian version of better ice cream world class sandwich and deli shops Caplansky 's Deli schawarma chinese food pakistani / indian food greek food world class 5 star hotels - downtown toronto
and so much more visit tourism toronto 's website : www.canada.travel / What are your nationalities ?
What you `` need '' to visit Canada depends on your citizenship .
If you are a member of one of the countries that is part of the visa - waiver program , then you do not have to obtain a Temporary Resident Visa ( tourist visa ) .
For example , Americans and US green card holders do not need a visa to come to Canada .
You can typically stay up to six months without any special permissions .
On the other hand , if you are one of the people with a passport from one of the countries listed at this link , you do need a visa .
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/visit/visas.asp
Other than that , you need to have a valid passport , enhanced driver 's license , NEXUS card , or certain other documents , depending on your nationality .
And you may need to prove that you have enough money to cover the cost of your trip .
Finally , do either of you have a criminal record or outstanding warrants ?
Canada can deem you inadmissible for any convictions that are considered a crime here in Canada .
For example , many people from USA have been turned back at the border because of a past DUI conviction .
Check out these websites for more info .
Yes you will need a Passport and Canadian Money .
As far as what to do in Canada ... .
it all depends on where you are going in Canada , it is the 2nd biggest country in the world , so there are many many things to do here .
I ca n't suggest anything unless I know where you are planning to visit .
I want to turn 19 in New York in January ?
Hey im going to New York from the 8th of January to the 22nd because on the 15th I 'll turn 19 and was just thinking if any one has any ideas of what to do when im over there .
Thanks .
My friend , if this is your first visit to the City , then the blog post at the link below will be very helpful .
It is a list of top attraction in New York City .
For the full list , which included all the attractions and museums in the City , click on the link at the bottom of the post .
Good luck Native New Yorker Pacha nyc Do n't get arrested .
Does anybody really care about Cole vs JR ?
is n't this just a waste of time .
why do n't they focus more on promoting new superstars instead of thinking that the commentators are a draw ... ... nobody watches RAW to listen to King make old man jokes or Cole self - promote .
High guys I was wondering what the most badass pistol ever as I 'm making a film and need a badass gun !
?
500 s&w got ta have a big gun that packs a punch !
It depends on the era of your film , I like me a Richman black powder riffle .
Check out the new Quasi-Nuclear Mk.47 Titanium version of the Super Soaker .
They should be available in Wal - Mart and Toys - R - Us outlets in time for christmas .
Be careful how you pack them .
It can blow the toe off a Christmas stocking .
a380 economy seat , can you go upstairs ?
So I 'm flying from Auckland to Sydney return on economy class emirates a380 , please correct me if I 'm wrong but there are no economy seats on the upper deck they are reserved for business and first class , so I know that when you board they have two separate air - bridges , one air bridge on the bottom for economy and another bridge on the top for business and first , well there is a big staircase inside so why would they need two air bridges ?
Anyway so if the business and first passengers dont go up using the stairs , if you are in economy can you go upstairs to have a look and take photos ?
I do n't think you are allowed upstairs because just like any other flight , economy class passengers are not allowed into Business and First Class .
Therefore I would expect the same rules to apply on the A380 .
There are 2 jetways to help the boarding process go faster .
If you want to see what the upstairs looks like , go to http://www.airliners.net or buy a business class or first class ticket .
Do n't know what the rules are for economy passengers going upstairs ( suspect that it is frowned on , if not outright forbidden ) , but there are two jet bridges for the obvious reason of getting all of those people onto and off of the plane more quickly .
This is the case for some other very large aircraft , too .
They use two airbridges to expedite boarding , if everyone used only one airbridge there would be 500 or more passengers crowding one airbridge to board the plane .
The separate bridges also make for a nicer experience for the 1st and business class passengers .
I flew on an Emirates A380 a couple of months ago and just like any airline , economy class passengers are not allowed in the 1st and business class sections .
You might be able to sneak upstairs during the flight , but will be asked to leave if a flight attendant sees you come upstairs or if caught without a boarding pass .
You could probably go upstairs after the flight , but not during the flight .
Are you good at psychology enough to answer this question ? ? ! ! ?
why is emotional intelligence such an important concept for human service professionals ? !
YOU CAN ONLY PROVE THAT YOU ARE CAPABLE IF YOU ACTUALLY ANSWER IT ... .
= ) Why do high school baseball players feel it necessary to pack an imaginary can of dip ?
They are always smacking their index finger against their middle finger for no apparent reason and the fad is starting to spread to non baseball players , should I be concerned for the mental health of my classmates ?
Should I Trade Tony Romo ?
Should I trade Romo for a good receiver such as Hakeem Nicks to avoid bye week wide receiver blues week 11 ?
I have Mike Wallace and he is on bye week 11 .
I have Matthew Stafford also as quarterback .
How did the discovery of america impact the new world ?
help i neede info for history paper also what years did the discovery start and the impact was at its peek like for ex Years 1300 = 1438 or something like that Garage Door Parts Supply , 127 Columbia Avenue , Passaic , NJ. 07055 ?
Find business phone number Either you 're mistaking Yahoo Answers for a DOS software program or you 're a spammer .
If the former , try Yellowpages.com - the latter , go jump in a lake .
Which psychology concept matches my idea ?
i have an small psychology 101 presentation , first i have to define the concept and then make a small activity of this concept .
i 'm thinking of making a small quiz of 5 questions mixed with math and history questions medium level , and then let my group do the quiz again by telling them i 'll give u 5 dollars to who ever gets a full mark .
so , what kind of concept would match this idea in psychology ?
Thanks in advance reward This question is unclear .
Is this positive reinforcement ?
Are you going to give them time to study ?
If not , are you trying to measure motivation ?
Elaborate .
Why does Kevin Nash think he still has it ?
The man did n't exactly set the world on fire during his main event mafia days in TNA and now just because he got a hair dye job he thinks he can still fight in that very ring ?
Come on somebody tell him its not 1996 anymore .
hey WWE is PG no need for the profanity ... .
Cool Because he 's stuck in the past.I hope Triple H whoops his butt .
Triple H was always better .
Better ?
Cause hes dumb The 4 best single engine airplane to travel from San Diego , CA. to Chihuahua , Chihuahua Mexico ( CUU ) ?
We are 4 brother living in San Diego , but the family Business are in Chihuahua City , we are planning to buy a single engine to travel , once a week , with me ( Pilot 152 lb. ) and 3 Passengers ( 180 lb each ) .
Wish aircraft would you recommend ? ?
Living on Monday morning from Brown Field Airport to Chihuahua CUU ( Aeropuerto Internacional General Roberto Fierro ) and back Friday afternoon .
The problem now is that airlines only travel from Tijuana to Chihuahua , not from SD , ones a day , with a stop in Ciudad Juarez ( El Paso , TX ) and in the afternoon so you lose the day traveling .
Thanks . .
JL have a look at http://www.trade-a-plane.com to see what 's currently available and the asking prices .
With 4 adults and some baggage plus enough fuel to do the almost 1000 mile trip nonstop I suggest A Cessna 206 is about minimum .
The good news is that they are solid reliable aircraft and there are plenty to choose from .
Given their age get an expert to do a proper appraisal before you commit your cash .
If you prefer a low wing design then check out the Piper PA32 range .
Your getting into the area where some will suggest a light twin like the Cessna 310 and Piper Aztec range .
I 'm not convinced , many light twins are marginal performers on one engine .
All I can guarantee is that the remaining engine will get you to the scene off the accident .
If you decide to go the twin engined route then the Beech 58 Baron is better built than the Cessna and Piper offerings .
What stores ship internationally to mexico ?
I want to send a gift to my nephew .
Anyways im in the usa and its to go to mexico .
I know childrens place ship from usa ( currency ) to mexico gap / old navy and sears .
but what are some other places ?
i want to have a wide view. , You can buy just about anything on Amazon.com and they ship to Mexico .
amazon Sorry , can not help you with individual stores .
But if there is importation duty , the recipient must pay .
Last time I had importation duty due , it was 320f the new value , so it was expensive .
Can someone please tell me what happened with Randy Orton and Kelly Kelly ?
Ok so I just started watching WWE in about July and I saw a clip online where Randy Orton was saying he just used Kelly Kelly blah blah blah and how she protected him from Kane .
Can anyone tell me what happened between them and do n't give me some internet article or something about that radio interview .
This was a storyline from 2009 if I 'm not wrong .
We never really saw what happened after Randy told her that he used her .
I believe that was the last scene where we saw them together !
EDIT ANSWER I can see what you are talking about now .
My answer above was also part of a storyline in 2009 and they were backstage and Randy told Kelly he used her .
Now I also heard what you are talking about .
What is currently happening I do n't really know about it that much .
All I know is that Randy Orton is calling Kelly a a whore .
In other words she is sleepign with many guys They fuc'ked eachother dry jk lol , who cares about them two idiots Randy Orton called Kelly Kelly a slt I have a few questions I need to ask a social worker for a class . ?
You need to have a BSSW or MSSW and be a practitioner in agency practice .
I can email you the questions The dust cover on my AK is too tight .
Ca n't get it back on ! ?
I just picked up a Century arms AK47 mod 1960 Polish .
After much struggle and some breakfree I was able to get the dust cover off .
Now I can not get the dust cover back on .
I 've read about the usual problems and this is n't about the release button getting in the way .
The problem is that it 's as if there just is n't enough room between the groove where the rear of the dust cover rests and the groove where the front of it sits .
I 've tried giving it a good thump , and I 've tried getting the dust cover on with the spring and bolt removed completely and I still can not get it back on .
In case you 're curious , over all the gun is in great shape and snows no sighs of abuse .
Any suggestions or advice ?
Fatefinger :
I see the groove and I understand the dust cover is supposed to slip into there , but it just wo n't budge .
It was on there extremely snug and was very difficult to get off in the first place leading me to believe that it 's just a very tight fit and not an error on my part .
Should I try sanding down the dust cover a bit ?
This is a common problem people have when they get an AK for the first time .
It 's not that its too small its that you 're not putting it back in properly .
Look in the back of the trunnion and you should see a groove .
It needs to go in that groove to be able to slide down properly .
negative and positive benefit consequence of US government borrowing money from foreign countries .
Ex :
China ?
For my sociology class exam .
Need help ! !
Are pro boxers good when they first start training ?
I 've been training three days and do n't feel that good is that bc I 'm not born to box No one is good at anything before they start something , maybe the odd genius but majority of the world which is not born to do anything beside live and be a baby and so on .
Now being born to box is not true , if you was born to box would n't your mom tell you that her stomach kept hurting because you kept punching it whilst you were in her womb ?
Actually , i 've been training for about a week or so , I do n't feel good thats because i 've only just started , You will see people in the same boxing gym much better than you thats because they 've been going there for months / years !
People like manny pacquiao and amir khan and the klitschko brothers have been training for years and years .
To become better you have to stick at it , keep going to train and train at the boxing gym , make sure you are at a good boxing gym < -- this helps big time !
If you want to do amateur boxing then go to a boxing club that does amateur boxing .
( Being good at amateur boxing will give you a debut fight into professional boxing from then on you 'll be a profesisonal boxer . Amateur boxing is the apprenticeship to professional boxing ) But you 'll have to be good , keep your dedication and keep that sight that you have to become good because thats the main thing , more important than fitness , skills .
It 's the dedication and the WILL to become good .
You ca n't just expect going 3 days and being like muhammad ali .
Anyway keep at it and good luck !
Maybe someday if you wish , I hope that we 'll both become professional boxers !
Until then .
I 'll cya round !
Hopefully someone is training you .
Any bad habits you pick up now may be hard to break later .
No one is born knowing how to box .
You may have some natural talents like speed , power , reflexes etc. but you still have to be taught how to effectively use these talents . .
Even champions learn from their trainers .
Do n't get discouraged .
Do travel agents work 7 days a week ?
Hey ,
I 'm planning to do an apprenticeship in Thomas Cook soon , I just want to know if I will have to work all the 7 days in the week .
So , I do n't have any weekends off ? !
I know we get the usual christmas holidays and easter holidays off but what about weekends ?
( By the way , I know one of the answers would be ask Thomas Cook , but I do n't want to yet ... )
No rude or off the topic answers please , ESPECIALLY NO SPAM !
Thankyou very much !
= ) Important :
TRADE QUESTION ?
I have CAM who is doing great -- however in week 14 they go To Houston and houston has given up very few pts to Qb 's .
IF i can trade CAM and a 2nd string WR and RECEIVE TOM BRADY -- should i do it ?
No. . .
Aside from Big Ben 's bad day agains them , they have n't shut down any good QBs ( Breese tore them up ) .
and they have n't played any running QB yet .
Newton should be fine against them
QBs that Texans have faced :
Kerry Collins , Chad Henne , Breese , Big Ben , Jason Campbell , Flacco , Hasselback , Gabbert , Colt McCoy -- take out Breese and Big Ben and it 's not really a great bunch ( Flacco only had 14 FPs but did throw for over 300 yards ... )
Not sure you 'd get someone to make that trade anyway .
Cam for Brady ? ! ? ! ? !
What idiot made that offer ?
Let 's see ... .
future HOFer or a rookie ?
Not even a question ... .
DO IT ! ! ! !
and take that trophy home with ease Brady has shown to be mortal but hell yes I make that trade all day long .
should i keep rams d for the rest of the season ?
rams been much improved in the last 2 wks , will they hold up ?
How do I gain motivation for running again ?
I have a race tommorow which is the 2 miles and I feel like runmimg a 14:00 when I can run a 12:50 .
This the last race of the season and I just dont wan na run ... ... any help ?
Hi.Just remember this quote.It is one of my favorites :
`` In running , it does n't matter whether you come in first , in the middle of the pack , or last .
You can say , ' I have finished .
' There is a lot of satisfaction in that . ''
- Fred Lebow Watch the movie `` Without Limits '' .
That Gould do the trick .
Goodluck !
just do your best because this is your last race so that you need to release your maximum power to get the best result How to get energy before boxing ?
Food wise nigel benn would take honey just before a fight to get an energy boost red bull lucozade powerade but not all three !
drink milk and eat fruits like apple .
best apple because apples don `` t make you feel heavy .
Is being a politcian and going into show business the only way for a Filipino to earn millions of pesos ?
Is becoming a politician or becoming an actor / actress the only way a Filipino in the Philippines can earn millions of pesos per year without going abroad ?
No. There are people not in a show business and not even an actress or actor but earn million of pesos .
One of them is Ms. Decena , I hope I spell the name correctly .
She is a well known real estate property buy / sell business .
She practically owned at least 7 different houses in Manila and other provinces in the Visayan region .
This are not just houses but mansion complete with amenities such as swimming and spa inside the house .
One house amount to 5 million from the lowest to at least 12 million / house .
Correction also not because a Filipino is a politician he or she is considered to be a millionaire .
There are few congressman today who has an asset of only 60,000 pesos .
One of them is party list Teddy Casino which has an asset that did n't reach a million yet .
So who told you that because the person is a politician in the Philippines he or she is a million ?
You should read or research first before you open your mouth or before even thinking of what you will ask here .
Not all people are that stupid , and also not all Filipinos are corrupt .
Correction also , not all people that been an actor or actress earn million of pesos , there are actors or comedians in the Philippines who died as a pauper two of them are Mr. Requiestas or in the movie he is called `` chitaeh '' and the other one was Weng Weng a midget who earn the role of james bond in most Philippines movie .
Do they have lottery drawings there ?
No it is not .
Manny was a boxer before he became a politician .
Also many Filipinas also became millionaires by being married to a foreigner .
Lawrence Kohlberg believed that moral development is determined by ?
Lawrence Kohlberg believed that moral development is determined by ?
Lawrence Kohlberg believed that moral development is determined by
a. cognitive development
b. physical development
c. emotional development
d. social development L Kohlberg suicided .
thus i would be careful of following any line of thought of his .
i hope that this helps
T How long does it take to install an all weather running track ?
We have an 8 lane quarter mile track .
I 'm am trying to get one put in at my school but first need all the facts .
Every where I have looked has n't been able to tell me approximately how long it will take .
That depends on what needs to be done in preparation before installing the track .
Normally it takes several months .
What is a bigger joke in the movie business ?
Uwe Boll films based on video games or WWE Films staring its Superstars ?
The biggest joke is YOU for saying `` the 90s sucked '' as your user name when it was the greatest decade of all time !
Your a cheap low - life who grew up in the 80 ' s and hate the 90s so f off .
Do you know what 's a big joke , you asking so many questions .
42 , or 43 depending on how you work it out .
Is nodoz okay before boxing .
how long does it work ?
The pills are mostly caffeine so they could give you a little energy , but I doubt they will help your performance .
What are two reasons why it is unlikely that Platyrrhines originated in the New World . ?
Use knowledge of primate phylogeny and the concept of homology vs.analogy 1 .
No prosimians in the New World 2 .
Monkeys appear in the fossil record in the New World without any apparent New World ancestors .
About 40 million years ago the Simiiformes infraorder split into parvorders Platyrrhini ( New World monkeys -- in South America ) and Catarrhini ( apes and Old World monkeys -- in Africa ) .
The Platyrrhini are currently conjectured to have migrated across the Atlantic Ocean to South America on a raft of vegetation .
At that time it was a much shorter distance .
New World monkeys ( except for the howler monkeys of genus Alouatta ) ( 4 ) also typically lack the trichromatic vision of Old World monkeys .
( 5 ) Colour vision in New World primates relies on a single gene on the X-chromosome to produce pigments that absorb medium and long wavelength light , which contrasts with short wavelength light .
As a result , males rely on a single medium / long pigment gene and are dichromatic , as are homozygous females .
Heterozygous females may possess two alleles with different sensitivities within this range , and so can display trichromatic vision .
( 6 )
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_World_monkey According to phylogeny , the Platyrrhines and catarrhines are placed in the Haplorrhini clade .
Though Platyrrhines only exist in the New World , the catarrhines are found in the Old .
Platyrrhines share many homologous features with Catarrhines including a dry nose , no tapetum lucidum , post orbital closure , etc. These conditions are thought to arise in Africa from the common haplorrhine ancestor .
Platyrrhines most likely arose when the common ancestor of the platyrrhines traveled on broken pieces of Africa floating to the New World .
Hopefully this helps .
where can i watch ufc 111 for free ?
how to meet new friends in the area ?
i live in new jersey and im 18 , my parents are planning on moving to florida to miami or fort lauderdale .
but since i already finished highschool how could i meet new people in the area ?
itll be alot harder for me .
my 1 year class to become a clinical massage therapist is gunna already end by the time we move .
I agree with the first person .
Okay , volunteering might not exactly be `` exciting '' but you really do meet people .
I 'm a member of the Surfrider Foundation here in Broward County ( which is where Fort Lauderdale is ) and I 've definitely met a lot of really cool people .
I regularly attend Broward County Surfrider meetings and I 've done a few things with Miami Surfrider like dune restorations .
Do you play any sports ?
You can meet people that way .
I 'm a surfer and I 've made friends by simply going into surf shops and talking to the people who work there .
Once I made friends with them , I met their friends who became my friends .
Once you make one friend , you 'll probably make a few more .
I know it 'll definitely be harder to meet people since you 're out of high school .
Most of my friends go to my high school and my college .
Get involved in activities in the community or the church you 'd be going to .
Volunteer for something that interests you .
Take a class in something new , e.g. cooking , yoga , etc. , etc. Communities often have parks & recreation activities , such as classes or other things , where people can meet others with similar interests .
Anyone advise a quality brand of archery arrows ?
Anyone recommend a good quality brand of archery arrows , which have proven durability at a reasonable price .
Note : for Recurve Bows ( UK ) .
Family bleeding ... ... . . ?
What does it mean to see some of your family members being escorted from an ambulance vehicle with bloody gashes and wounds ?
This could possibly just be something stored in your subconscious , from a movie , a book , a newspaper article or something you have heard in your lifetime , and usually when our dreams recall these things they place someone we love in the picture .
The other explanation for such a dream is that you might have experienced problems with a family member , and said hurtful things to them .
Even though you may have forgotten about it , your subconscious still feels guilty for the mean things you said , and you are seeing their hurt .
In the dream it is portrayed as physical , however in reality the hurt was deep inside and you really did not see it .
If this is the situation , regardless of how long it has been , you should heed the reminder and go to them with a sincere apology .
Binaround is right , the symbols are clear .
You have been hurting your family .
They are wounded .
Your inner self knows this and wants you to stop .
How to cope with a Personality Disorder that disrupts my life ?
I do n't know what I have , but with it . .
I know that I wont be able to accomplish my goals in life .
I ca n't hold down a job for long and I have virtually no friends - I do n't mind it though - .
I get bored so easily and am late for everything .
The things I like , creep people out - like me wanting to become a Morgue Pathologist - .
I get into trouble all the time , in one month I got four speeding tickets .
I have been been to jail - not long though - .
You 'd think I 'd do better with my intelligence .
There 's more , just ca n't think of it right now .
I am not sure .
I do n't have mood swings nor self image issues .
I am pretty confident in how I look and such .
Also , I do n't need to be in any relationship . .
I prefer isolation generally in fact .
Also , I am impulsive and do dangerous things all the time , like speeding or jumping off cliffs .
I am like addicted to it .
Also , I am impulsive and do dangerous things all the time , like speeding or jumping off cliffs .
I am like addicted to it .
Judith
Think of someone else for a change , and help that person .
Take the focus off of you , and put others in front of you , and perhaps better things will happen in your life .
Most of your first paragraph is a wall , a defense mechanism to protect yourself from being hurt from the pain you have sustained up to this point in your life .
Example : `` I have virtually no friends '' ( truth ) followed by `` I do n't mind it though '' ( of course you mind ) The wall of defense `` I get bored so easily and am late for everything . ''
Am pulling for you .
Bri Which PD do you have ?
Borderline ?
When a country moves from one economic system such as communism , to a more mixed economy , what is likely to ha ?
The government has a larger say in what services are produced .
There is greater social equality .
All people are guaranteed work .
Some degree of government control of trade within and among nations ( trade protectionism ) takes place .
Definitely not B or C. Just look at the former Soviet Republics in the 90s .
none of the above .
All listed things are features of central planning .
Will two weeks of not running make me slower ?
Recently I am having a shooting pain around my left leg .
My coach told me to take 2 weeks off , but I 'm worried that if i do that I will loose a lot of speed .
My fastest time for a 5k was 17:31 .
Let me tell you by experience , it will be much better to listen to your coach and take the time off .
If you are experiencing pain while running , you need to give your body time to heal .
You have an awesome 5k time and while you might loose some speed during the two weeks it will be minimal compared to the risk of running while hurt and will regain it with minimal effort .
I continued running while injured and now have arthritis in my foot that will never heal and has taken away my competitive running to a runner that can only run for fun and it stinks .
So , take the two weeks off and be much more wiser than I was and you will not regret it .
Do n't worry !
Of the pain is bad then you should take some time off or atleast go really easy like 15 - 20minute runs . .
But 2 weeks off wo n't be a big deal , you 'll probably get a little bit slower but only a few seconds nothing huge .
It takes the body 2 weeks before you even start losing your aerobic fitness so you should be fine .
Goodluck !
Why is the South Korean health care system poor ?
I was always under the impression that South Korea had good and cheap health care .
Then I read that it ranks 58th in world for health care .
http://www.photius.com/rankings/healthranks.html
Why does it rank so low ?
This list is now more than 10 years old , and the data used to produce it even older .
I would n't consider any of that list current or accurate today .
My best guess is that in the year 2000 , South Korea was just pulling out of a massive recession that had almost totally ruined it 's economy in the late 1990 ' s , which would have left very little money to put in to the country 's health system .
For comparison though - I currently have a chest infection , and I went to the hospital a few days ago with no appointment in the afternoon .
Within one hour , I had seen 2 doctors ( both English speaking ) , gotten a chest X-ray and a blood test , and one weeks worth of medication .
With my health insurance the whole thing cost me less than $ 70 .
Much cheaper and faster than anything I could have gotten in my home country ( Australia ) .
So you base this on what you read in an 11 year old article with 20 year old data ?
You really need to work on your research skills .
Additionally , 58 is n't low when you look at total numbers anyway .
based on your statement , if there were only 4 countries being ranked , Korea would be number 2 .
Is that low ?
There were 190 countries on that list and it is so complicated to rank , they probably wo n't be doing it again .
which players to pick up and drop fantasy football ?
who to pick up or drop ? ?
which ones do i do ?
pick up jake ballard drop kellen winslow ? ?
pick up antonieo brown drop nick novak ? ?
p.s my other kicker is stephen gostowski .
pick up roy helu or marshan lynch drop james starks ?
please help Need to find cheap way to get from San diego CA to RotterDam NetherLands ?
Attempting to find a cruzship or somthing please HELP me cant find a dang thing on the web I have money for it , I agree it would be best to leave from NY , but elaborate please Is flying not an option ?
You can always fly to Amsterdam and then take the train to Rotterdam .
Check out the discount sites such as cheaptickets.com , kayak.com , etc to get an idea which airline might be the least expensive and then check with the airline directly to see if they are offering any further discounts if you book directly with them .
I flew in September , and KLM ( a Dutch airline ) itself was pretty affordable .
You are not going to unless you hitch hike to philly or new york and get a job on a ship , do you have a job ?
I 'm training for a half marathon ... ?
I 'm training for a half marathon that is in 3 weeks .
After I 'm done with that , I want to start on Beachbody Insanity .
However , I do n't want to lose the phenomenal mileage I 've built up to .
How often should I keep running ?
How many times a week ?
And how long should each run be ?
Would a weekly 10k suffice ?
I will often do Insanity on my low - mileage or cross training days .
If I do Insanity on a running day I 'll do Insanity in the early morning then do my easy run ( less than 10k ) in the evening .
I would keep up the schedule you had preparing for the half marathon , just reverse the weeks starting off from the week before your half marathon and go backwards for three weeks .
Then you can start a `` maintenance '' schedule that keeps your running mileage high .
If you were running 30 - 40k a week , try to run 3 - 4 times a week , running about 7km for 3 runs then one longer run of 12 - 15km .
This will keep you in top shape for your next half marathon !
Best of luck .
I get up in morning around 4 and run for 4 - 5 miles 5 days a week Trade could be key to season ... .
advice ?
We are struggling to find a # 2 RB in our fantasy league ( McCoy is # 1 ) .
We have pretty good WR so we offered some of them up for this guys running backs .
He messaged back with the 2 that he was interested in .
We offer either :
Jordy Nelson - GB Marques Colston - NO ( I 'm leaning towards here )
What he has to offer : ( They all seem like at least decent options ) Rashard Mendenhall - PIT Shonn Greene - NYJ Marshwan Lynch - SEA Willis McGahee - DEN
Our RBs :
Delone Carter ( IND ) , Jonathan Stewart ( CAR ) , Daniel Thomas ( MIA ) His WRs :
Antonio Brown ( PIT ) , Hakeem Nicks ( NYG - battling Hammy injury ) , Santonio Holmes ( NYJ ) , Miles Austin ( DAL - out 2 - 4 weeks ) , Robert Meecham ( NO ) , Nate Washington ( TEN - Hip Injury )
We start 2 RBs and 3 WRs in a TOUCHDOWN ONLY LEAGUE .
What 's the best deal for me and why ?
This is a tough one .
Mcgahee gets the goal line touches , but tebow runs the ball in himself .
Lynch no thanks , Greene no thanks .
If you can get mendenhall that would be great !
Jordy and Marques are both on teams that like to spread the ball around a lot , and will be hot and cold .
If you can trade colston for mendenhall that would be ideal since nelson has 5 TD 's to Colstons 3 .
Why im doing this ? ! ! ?
That 's the issue.I was a really overweight girl ( 5 ' 2 and 160 pounds ) and i was felt really disgusted.I HATE FAT !
So I took the big decision and i really changed.I dropped to 90 pounds and i made a really good makeover to myself.I do n't want to go to the same thinks again ! !
But my problem is that i do n't contact with any overweight people around me and when someone comes to me without i want it i go a step back ! ! !
I know someone will Judge me but i want to change it and my big issue WHY I ACT LIKE THIS ? ! !
I know a lot of people might be like , `` Oh you 're such a horrible person '' and granted , you should n't think that way , but at least you are aware that it 's not the right thing to do .
If you 're questioning the fact that your mind thinks that way , then you should know that you should change .
From a non-harsh point of view , if you were once overweight , then why should you judge people so much ?
Some people are trying very hard to loose the weight that people judge them by .
And some people even have that rare disease that makes you fat .
I hope you do n't judge people so harshly because no matter what you look like on the outside , everyone is a happy and unique human being .
Please try and understand that .
I hope you can change < 3
Be happy with others and yourself < 3 Should I trade Bradshaw for Chris Johnson ?
Should I trade Bradshaw for Chris Johnson straight up ?
I 'm not sure if Bradshaw is going to be worth anything if I do n't trade now even if he does come back he wo n't be at full stregnth .
Chris Johnson used to be the # 1 pick ... .
Need some help .
My team in a 10x10 , PPR :
QB :
Rodgers , Big Ben HB :
Turner , Bradshaw , Murray , Battle , Jacobs WR :
Nicks , Jennings , Dez , Cruz TE :
Graham
I have should i watch hana yori dango anime version of live version ?
ive alr watched the korean version and loved it ! ! !
i wish there were more romantic scenes though : ( You need to watch : the anime Hana Yori Dango ( the Japanese version ) Meteor Garden ( The Tawain version ) Jade Palace Lock Heart ( a Chinese drama with lots of scenes ripped right out of MG / HYD )
And read the manga too !
Now get to work !
I prefer the Japanese drama over Boys over Flowers .
( Over much ? )
It has a better ending , IMO .
And an overall better set up .
I 've never seen the anime , but I like the manga .
: 3 Maybe check the manga out .
Definetly the live action is better .
But i would recommend the Chinese version called Meteor Garden because in the usual love triangle , its easier to let go of the nice - guy - she - should - have - gone - with whereas with BOF its hard to agree with her choice of JunPyo over JiHoo ( Kim Hyun Joong ) .
but then again I just might be bias towards Hyun Joong XD lol .
Thats my advice !
Tyler witnessed an automobile accident and heard one of the bystanders casually mention that the driver was pr ?
Tyler witnessed an automobile accident and heard one of the bystanders casually mention that the driver was probably intoxicated .
Even though the driver had not been drinking , and had never crossed the center line , Tyler tells the police officer who is investigating the accident that the car had been `` weaving all over the road . ''
Tyler 's faulty recall illustrates
a. proactive interference
b. retroactive interference
c. the misinformation effect
d. context cues I had a cop do that to me .
Lying m * * * * * f * * * * .
I 've heard that this phenomenon is common .
Sounds like c. the misinformation effect
`` The misinformation effect refers to the finding that misleading information presented between the encoding of an event and its subsequent recall influences a witness 's memory . ''
- wikipedia What 's an NFA item or whatever the terminology is ?
And what 's the history and some examples , I 'm feeling lazy and I 'm not a good multi-tasker .
Plus I do n't mind losing two points and giving ten .
a NFA item is basically any item restricted by the National Firearms Act of 1934 , these items need to be registered with the ATF on purchase or when ownership is transferred .
It basically covers full autos , short barrel shotguns , short barrel rifles , silencers and shotgun pistols , there maybe more but ca n't think of anything else .
the NFA was enacted into law to counteract the mob and other gangsters from legally possessing their favorite weapons , like thompson sub-machine guns , sawed off shotguns and the like , the government will always find a reason to restrict firearm ownership , and I mean anything .
PS : they 're also called Class III firearms , since long arms are Class I and handguns are Class II. silencers and full auto stuff .
NFA refers to the National Firearms Act of 1934 that made it difficult to own certain types of weapons .
I am feeling lazy , I will link for you .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Firearms_Act Do they make bayonets for a handgun ?
Like an underbarrel knife for a handgun ?
Do they make them .
I 'm just curious .
As crazy as it is , yes , CZ makes a bayonet for their pistols that are equipped with an accessory rail .
Yes I just saw one on my cheaper than dirt newspaper , go on their website .
They have been for many years .
Check out the blade on the NAA mini-revolver http://www.google.com/search?q=handgun+bayonet&hl=en&qscrl=1&nord=1&rlz=1T4GZAZ_enUS334US334&biw=1152&bih=555&site=webhp&prmd=imvns&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ei=N4e5TvmLJIaviAL636jTBA&sqi=2&ved=0CDkQsAQ what are some negative externalities that deal with public schools ?
examples of negative externalities of public schools youtube & iphones noise and property damage for people living near the school .
If i got help from my guidance teacher what would she say ?
well im depressed and i want to get help from my teacher .
but every time i was about to go i started panicking and felt really sick how can i get over that ? .
also what would she tell me .
what would we talk about Do n't be afraid to talk to your guidance teacher it 's better you talk to them now before your depression can get a chance to develop .
Your guidance teacher is obligated to a teacher student confidentiality agreement basically your parents wont know unless you want them to and you guidance teacher will keep it between the two of you unless your a suicide risk or you 're planning on killing someone else .
I think you should talk to your guidance teacher , they 'll give you some advice , some stories from their life comfort you and maybe suggest consoling outside of school ( which is n't bad I go to therapy outside of school and it 's working really good for me . )
Good Luck .
Your depression , what is causing it .
Sometimes it is beneficial to speak to someone outside your normal circles .
They will have a different view to the problem , if there is one and will be able to guide you in the right direction .
Good luck .
Boyfriend has two large posters of half naked women in his room , makes me feel bad ?
So basically we 've been in what has been considered a serious relationship as we 've been together for a long while and look forward to getting married .
Well , months go by and these posters still agitate me .
He also has a half naked girl shooting a gun on his computer desktop .
I try so hard to ignore my negative feelings about this .
He always tells me how I 'm in the most beautiful girl he 's ever seen and how he loves my body etc ( I 'm not implying that this is all we care about ) Yet he has these pictures up , and for what other reason would you put it up other than for sexual eye candy ?
It 's other real women that exist in this world and I do n't know , he may view them as fantasies but I 'd like to be that `` fantasy '' as he is to me .
No i do not look at `` man candy '' because honestly he 's the only man I 'm interested in , in every way .
Anyways , any advice on my situation ?
It 's kinda tearing me apart inside > -- > @ Arrow
Eh pretty sure that 's actually a myth as i have many guy friends who hate porn and see it as pointless .
What does `` line & fender Experience '' mean when talking in yachting terms ?
I am interested in looking into getting a job in the superyacht industry and I am trying to learn all I can to see if it 's something that would fit my lifestyle .
I have researched some of the things that are required when trying to become an entry level Stewardess and have ran into this term `` Line and Fender '' I 'm not sure what that means or how you gain experience with it .
I 've tried Googling it but ca n't seem to find an answer to my question .
If any one knows what that means and how to get some experience in it , please let me know .
Thanks What was the last year high school players were allowed to enter the Nba draft ?
?
The NBA high school draftees are players who have been drafted to the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) straight out of high school without playing basketball at the collegiate level .
The process of jumping directly from high school to the professional level is also known as going prep - to - pro. Since 2006 , the practice of drafting high school players has been prohibited by the new collective bargaining agreement , which requires that players who entered the draft be 19 years of age and at least one year removed from high school Is having a connecting flight a good option ?
Hi everyone , I know this might sound a stupid question but anyway I wanted to ask it .
I have been looking at flights to Turkey for December and Swiss Airlines offer a good price but they connect in Zurich and then go on an hour later to Turkey .
What happens to your luggage , and what if you are late for your connection because the first plane was delayed ?
Thanks , Have always flown direct before For many trips a connection is the only possibility .
Yes , it 's perfectly reasonable .
An hour is fine .
I 've traveled 45 countries for the last 5 years and been on hundreds of flights , so my advice is sound .
This question depends on a few things .
First are the connecting flights with the same Airline ?
If so , then your luggage will be fine if your first flight is delayed .
If it 's a different airline I would make sure to leave plenty of time between flights .
Make sure you they put at least 4 hours between the time you land and your next flight .
Most international flights makes you Check In 2 hours before your flight .
If you check in even 15 minutes after this time , then you may not be allowed to board even though your plane is still in the port .
Zurich is the hub for Swiss Air and that is why there is a layover .
The international norms for Airlines is that they can not transfer people from one country to the next without first stopping at their hub .
What kind of sport can boost your IQ ?
probably any becuase it helps you relive your stress Any sport works.Musical instruments work a lot too How do I stop caring about what others think of me ? ! ?
I care way too much about what others think .
Life would be so much easier if I did n't care so much .
How can I do that ?
this `` problem '' stems from your lack of confidence . .
try not to thinking of what others think of you . .
because nobody cares to you !
so do the same thing ! !
this even demonstrates your character and your respect for yourself !
Hope it helps ; ) bye . .
Realize people do n't think about you that much There 's no simple or overnight solution , you just have to start believing in yourself more and try to live to please yourself , not others .
Just remember this quote : `` Those who matter do n't mind and those who mind , do n't matter . ''
Do you ever feel like you 're talking to some really smart people when you 're talking to Russians ?
It 's weird .
They are n't as one - dimensional as us Americans are .
Like ...
I 'm not sure if I can describe it right ... they are more introspective and nuanced ... things are a lot more elaborate yet also more sensible when talking to them ... and they do n't sound like television 's talking points .
Does anyone else just get that vibe ?
You do n't sound like one - dimensional , Samian .
There are one - dimensional people in every country , Russia including .
Two of the smartest people I 've met in my life were from U.S. : my teachers - Betty from Maryland and Don from California .
Your description fits me personally to great extent .
Not that I have a big ego , no. . .
but those character traits can be sometimes not that ' useful ' ... ummm ... difficult to explain .
Like `` Woe from Wit '' ( Alexander Griboyedov ) ...
I am talking to Russians every day .
I am Russian myself .
There are smart multi-dimensional Russians and there are dumbasses as well .
There are smart russians , and there are russians that are dummies .
probably because overall , they are smarter than americans .
I need help to decide what QB to pick up week 11 in place of Brees . ?
It looks as if my choices are :
John Beck , Tarvaris Jackson , Sam Bradford , Colt McCoy , Matt Moore or Kevin Kolb ... .
I know , not great choices .
I 'm pretty new at FF , so any advice anyone could give would be greatly appreciated ! ! ! !
Thanks !
Yeah bummer ...
I 'd say based on matchups , I 'd go with McCoy ( plays Jaguars ) because I think he has the best upside .
Moore would be a close 2nd for me ( plays Bills ) because they will probably have to throw alot Matt Moore I 'd go McCoy .
Not :
Carson Palmer just came into the league , if he is available pick him up .
which defense should I pick up ?
San Diego against Oakland St. Louis against Cleveland or Miami against Washington Is it better to exchange GB pounds to Icelandic Krona in England or Reykjavik ?
I am going to Iceland soon , I would like to know if I will get a better rate If I exchange Pounds to Krona in England or when I go to Reykjavik .
And also when I return should I change the left over Krona to Pounds in Iceland or when i come back to England .
help is very appreciated Almost always the cheapest thing to do is just make purchases with your credit card .
Bring a couple of cards , because some may charge small overseas transaction fees while others wo n't .
The next cheapest is generally to pull money out of an ATM using your bank card ( there 's usually a small fee ) .
I think it is better to do it in the UK , I 'm sure that 's what I did when I went , but that was 2 years ago so things could have changed .
Is there any way possible in jacksonville fl where u can get an abortion for cheap ?
place the baby up for adoption .
dont murder an innocent babi never gave abortion much thought until i looked at a site and saw exactly what happens to those poor babies .
they literally torture the baby before its killed .
it can feel everything that is happening to it .
they start by opening the womans cervix , then they take forceps to grab the baby .
they try to pull the body slightly out of the womb but usually the little limbs are not very strong so some of the limbs rib off , if that happens they reach back in and grab maybe the little arm , oops Again that rips off .
so now after most of his little limbs are partially severed ( while baby is still alive and feeling this ) they have the baby hanging out of the cervix , while the head is still in the cervix they take a large scissor type instrument and stab in into the back of the head ( baby is usually still alive at this Point and feeling it ) then after making the hole in the back of the head they then take a vacuum sort of tube and suck the brains out .
which finally ends the poor little childs life .
after all of that suffering .
my words dont even do justice to what the pictures show .
you see a little arm and hand with fingernails lying on the table lying next to a tiny little leg , with a severed head next to it .
you can see the little lips on the baby making a frown .
they feel every bit of this slow torture .
every woman thinking of an abortion should be shown the exact process of what will happen to the poor child , i guarantee woman with their minds made up will walk out of that clinic with a different thought process .
im sure most would keep their babies .
i dont understand why this is not a mandatory thing .
woman are so fooled into thinking the life hasnt even formed yet meanwhile when the abortion takes place is usually three months .
the baby is a COMPLETELY formed baby at that point , just a small version of a newborn.they have little fingerprints at that point , their own little hair pattern , they are in the amniotic sac sucking their little thumbs , giving little kicks , listen to their mommas voice , being happy , being sad , yawning , feeling you touch him through your belly .
they are completely living feeling little beings at that point .
y. Do n't know ... ... ... ... .
I hope you will reconsider this choice .
Probably .
But I suspect that Air Travel is n't the best place to ask this .
When will people stop attacking David Steckel ?
http://prohockeytalk.nbcsports.com/2011/11/08/steckel-sticks-to-his-story-on-crosby-collision?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
So , I 'll be the first to admit that Crosby 's injury has been unfortunate .
Love the guy or hate him ( those who have seen my past comments know where I fall on that one ) , the guy is a great hockey player , and a huge loss for the league .
But when will poor David Steckel finally be able to move on ?
People keep asking him about the collision ( or accusing him ) , but the fact is , every time , his answer has remained the same , and nothing about that replay looks any more than an incidental collision ( Crosby as much at fault as Steckel ) .
Or will this incident be the only thing people associate Steckel with ?
I agree with James Buckley .
Crosby keeps making shabby innuendo and insinuating that Steckel did it on purpose .
That 's pretty classless .
I give him some slack since he 's probably frustrated and looking for a scapegoat , but if he 's going to fan those flames and incite this anger , he should at least be up front and transparent in his accusations .
Just say it outright .
Never heard of him then again I do n't watch sports sorry .
I do n't think it was on purpose .
I 've seen the replay plenty of times and he was n't even looking when he collided with Crosby .
Unfortunately , he collided with the NHL 's `` golden boy '' and a fan favorite of many , many hockey fans ( although I think it was Victor Hedman 's hit that made Crosby 's concussion more serious ) and he 's always going to be associated with that .
Which of these 2 sports is better ?
10 POINTS best answer ! ?
So . .
I 'm going to grade 8 and my mom is letting me pick 2 after school activities ... for one I def. want horse riding . .
I love horses and want to get a horse one day ... and for the other one I ca n't choose inbetween gymnastics or ice skating ? . .
I actually want to go to competitions if possible ?
... please help me and do n't tell me to try them both out coz I 'm not allowed to I have to pick one !
please tell me which one is better ?
please or which would you pick inbetween the two ?
remember .
.10 POINTS best answer ! !
I would choose ice skating but you should choose what you want to do .
Good luck !
No one can chose for you .
Anyone on here is going to say Figure Skating , because we 're figure skaters .
But Gymnastics is great too .
You need to chose what you like best .
Also , do n't chose a sport just because you want to compete .
Chose it because you love it , not because you want to compete .
Competing is just something that comes with the territory , but everyone who skates or does gymnastics does it because they love it .
Neither sport is better than the other .
They 're just different .
But everyone in this section is going to say figure skating .
I ca n't chose for you .
But some things to consider :
Have you ever skated before / tried gymnastics before ?
did you like it ?
What kind of things do you want to learn in skating and in gymnastics ?
Weigh the pros and cons ( sometimes it helps to make a list ) .
If you really ca n't decide , just do eeny - meeny - miney - mo. which one do you enjoy doing more ?
choose that one .
Who else is happy that Zack Ryder ?
got to be in the main event of Raw ?
I liked it .
It was fun , different for a change and the end result with Miz and Truth winning was the right way to go .
his segment with the bellas ruined it for me GAY How do you book your flight home for the holidays ?
What search engines do you prefer and why ?
I 'm writing a story for school about traveling during the holidays .
How do you go about it ?
Do you book a flight early ?
How early ?
Are last minute deals better ?
Do you prefer to drive , take a train or just stay put ?
At what point is it just too expensive or too much of a hassle ?
Thanksgiving is the most traveled holiday of the year , do you try to get home for those three or four days or would you rather just wait till the Christmas / Hanukkah holiday ?
I 'm located in Chicago but I 'm looking for answers to all of these questions from people all over the world .
Thanks for your help !
I wait until Christmas to go home to the US , but I live in Italy .
Thanksgiving is not a holiday here .
I generally book the trip on - line about a month in advance .
Sometimes , I use an airline website directly and other times , I use Kayak .
Last minute deals are not better for me .
It 's a heavy travel period and there are n't many last minute seats available .
I like to take the train when it 's practical for travel - like going to Paris for the weekend or Munich or Barcelona ...
However , when I go home , that is n't possible .
It 's never too much of a hassle to go home .
Sometimes I go for the weekend if I have a 3 - 4 day weekend .
Too expensive is another matter .
It may keep me from going home on shorrt trips , but not at Christmas .
You only get so much time with family - money is less important as a consideration .
anyone no when its gunna snow in the south west of england , united kingdom , somerset area ?
yes , in exactly 1 week and 6 days .
Have you checked the Long range weather forecasts ?
http://news.bbc.co.uk/weather/forecast/10209 Is the SEC the MOST overrated conference in college football ?
True the SEC has won the last 7 or 8 championships and no one can take that away from them , but as far as Top to Bottom quality teams , after the first 3 or 4 there is a steep dropoff every year .
This year Bama , LSU , and Arkansas are good , but the rest of the teams are mediocre at best , and considering the out of conference losses and sub par records of the latter half of the conference , how can the SEC still be considered the `` Hands Down '' best conference .
Just a thought I think that the SEC is without question overrated , especially in the media ( mainly ESPN ) .
I do n't think you can say that one conference is the best without question ; there 's too many factors involved That is a strong conference that has a major national following .
It is hard to call them overrated .
no Will Colleges accepted a 13 on the ACT ?
Will and colleges offer me a baseball scholarship with a 3.0 GPA and bad ACT score ?
If the team can get you through the admissions office possibly but they are going to be watching your grades very closely .
I agree with others that you should take it again otherwise you may have to go to a JUCO until admitted .
You want to get that score up as close to a 20 as possible .
Good luck .
I do n't believe there is a minimum ACT score for college scholarships , but I reccomend you re-take it anyway , because some higher academic schools do n't give sport scholarships to bad scholars .
13 is your composite ACT score ?
13 out of 36 ?
Whether or not 13 is sufficient is going to depend on the school .
Given that 20 - 21 is the national average ... .
is daniel bryan deserve a big push ?
Only if he is turned heel .
yes A Wrestlemania title match will be his ...
How moronic are most nba players ?
do n't they want to play the game they say the love , if they love basketball so much they would take any salary cut just to play nba again , they already have the job of their dreams , while most of us are studying in college and working our asses off for much less
most of these players are not even capable of writing an essay or solve a simple algebraic equation and they get paid millions
why not settle for 2 0.000000e +00ss ?
these idiots are too dumb to realize that owners will end up winning anyways Yes we average joes can call them selfish but let 's look at their point of view .
If your boss wanted you to take a big paycut would you just accept it ?
It 's not 2 % , it 's more than that .
Why when the owners mess up they do n't look at themselves and split their own money better ?
And do n't act like these owners are brilliant guys themselves .
Some owners just inherit their money or get it by luck .
Yea they love the game but things change when that game is your means of income and your boss wants to take a big portion of it .
Yes the owners will probably win but right now the owners are asking for way too much when a good portion of their economic struggles are their own fault .
I think the deadline is Wed. on if they can salvage some of the season .
I guess we will find out then how smart they are -- --
Imagine , they play a game for part of the year that they have been playin all their life .
They travel 1st class , drive the vehicle they want , eat the best food .
I hear that the ladies are more than generous to them -- -- so I guess we will see how moronic they are .
What changes should I make for week 10 ?
My team :
QB :
E. Manning @ SF RB :
D. Sproles @ ATL RB2 :
D. Murray Vs BUF WR :
P. Garcon Vs JAC WR2 :
A. Green Vs PIT TE :
A. Gates Vs OAK W / R :
P. Burress K :
J. Hanson @ CHI D :
Detriot Lions @ CHI
BENCH :
A. Dalton Vs. PIT C. Benson Vs PIT D. Bryant Vs BUF D. Heyward - Bey @ SD F. Davis @ MIA Cincinnati Bengals Vs PIT
My opponent :
QB :
A. Rodgers Vs MIN RB1 :
S. Greene Vs NE RB2 :
B. Wells @ PHI WR :
A. Johnson @ TB WR2 :
V. Jackson Vs OAK TE :
J. Graham @ ATL W / R :
D. Jackson K :
N. Rackers @ TB Chicago Bears Vs DET
Just by looking at it , who do you think would win so far ?
And what changes should I make ?
Reggie Bush is the only good player on the waiver wire pick , should I pick him for my W / R spot ?
Thank you ...
Good answers .
I forgot to add that James Jones ( WR from GB ) is also on Waiver wire .
He 's considered a good pick - up .
Is it better to get him than Reggie Bush ?
Thanks What size boxing gloves do I wear ?
My hand is 8 and a half inch in length , ( measured from wrist to middle finger ) .
Width is 4 inches palm only .
Width is 7 inches with the thumb length measured .
What size / ounce do I wear ?
Probly 16 oz. Most common size .
Depends where you are fighting and in some cases what size you and your opponent agree upon .
From 8 to ten ounces are the usual weight gloves .
( IBO ) .
How old do you have to be to go to a club in California ?
21 if it serves alcohol dk 18 .
if they serve alcohol 21 .
Where Do I Meet hockey Fans ... . ?
Im a big ny rangers fan .
Id like to meet a girl who shares the same interests as me .
A girlfriend who loves hockey and / or the Rangers as much as i do would be amazing .
But I dont have the money to go to so many games at madison square garden .
Anybody have any ideas to meet hockey chicks ?
That would be so cool .
oh .
by the way , i am old enough to go to bars .
So , anybody know any good places to go to in new york where i can meet female hockey fans ?
( i know it wont be easy ) .
And i want a real relationship too lol .
Head north to Toronto , or any Canadian city , and you 'll have much better chances of finding a female hockey fan .
Go to a rangers game and look for girls there .
Also try checking the girls washroom for girls because well ... it 's a girls washroom so obviously there are you know ... .
girls .
What do you think about Marco Simoncelli 's death ?
I know it happened 3 weeks ago , but it really hurts up to now .
Marco was a nice boy , he did n't deserve to die in that way .
Bye Marco , we 'll miss you a lot .
Addio , SuperSic , insegna agli angeli come si impenna .
Sorry if I did any mistake , from Milan .
to proc : sorry , was n't my aim to propose an old argument , I have n't been used YahooAnswers for two weeks and this is my only moment to speak about Sic .
Sorry Wiggysan is such a douchebag .
He really gets off on it .
It 's not that Sic was a good rider , but the few times I saw him he was a real nice guy .
He was the first one out to sign autographs and one of the last to go back in .
He came over the fence once and was joking with the audience .
A friend of mine who runs a site said he was doing an interview with her little , one person run site and he was just as jovial as when he 's on TV .
His charisma was good for the sport .
I am a fan of few people , but I was honestly a massive fan of his .
This subject has been well covered over the last few weeks , If its just an opinion you are after .
try posting in the Polls and surveys category .
Edit .
it wasnt meant as an argument or to be offensive , more of a statement of fact .
although your answers are private .
you did answer a question http://it.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylc=X3oDMTZ0MzloMmdnBElfYWd1aWQDSllVSlJUNkMyRUlTUldOQ1lESUo2UFBXWTQESV9jZ3VpZANER1hNM0Y0V0ZISUpESUo0TFFBSFlNWjJUTQRJX2Nwcm9wA3lhaG9vLnNvY2lhbGJsb2cueWNhLmNsaWVudARJX2x0cwMxMzIwODUxNTA0BElfdWNudHgDBElfdXNyYwN5Lml0LmFuc3dlcnMESV91c3VpZAMyMDExMTAyNDEwMzk0M0FBdzVzMWZfamJTWDQ0ZFZhYQRJX3V0eXBlA2Fuc3dlcgRfUwMyMDIzNDM1MjYx?qid=20111024103943AAw5s1f&answerer=jbSX44dVaa&hash=9c1ae1558d73d0820719543867452d6ddbd7e6f747549fc8d8535dfd79061828 on 24 Oct. same day you changed your profile picture .
Which you changed again to a closer view on 29 Oct. You asked a question on 27th Oct http://it.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylc=X3oDMTZxMWJjbTkwBElfYWd1aWQDSllVSlJUNkMyRUlTUldOQ1lESUo2UFBXWTQESV9jZ3VpZANER1hNM0Y0V0ZISUpESUo0TFFBSFlNWjJUTQRJX2Nwcm9wA3lhaG9vLnNvY2lhbGJsb2cueWNhLmNsaWVudARJX2x0cwMxMzIwODUxNTA0BElfdWNudHgDBElfdXNyYwN5Lml0LmFuc3dlcnMESV91c3VpZAMyMDExMTAyNzA4MTgzNUFBR2JENjZfamJTWDQ0ZFZhYQRJX3V0eXBlA2FzawRfUwMyMDIzNDM1MjYx?qid=20111027081835AAGbD66 you also answered questions on 4th and 6th Nov before posting this !
So it was not your only chance to say anything and your memory is starting to fade was a up and coming star in the making ( the next poster boy after rossi . )
. .
all riders know the risks .
RIP Marco light and small bag for disneyland ?
i 've read a lot of different posts about what bag to take to disneyland but no one suggested lesportsac .
they 're really light and thought it might be good to take ?
are they not a good option ?
If you like to carry a LeSportSac , bring a LeSportSac .
There is no right answer to your question .
What do you think you need to carry at Disneyland ?
Personally , I do n't bring any bag to Disneyland .
Stick a credit card , drivers license and a little cash in a pocket and I 'm good .
I love my Jansport mesh backpacks for trips such as that , but I ca n't find them anywhere any more , even at their website .
But if you do a search for `` mesh backpacks '' , you 'll find lots of them .
We just ordered one on - line for $ 8 and it 's great !
Japanese cigarettes in japantown ?
Is there a place where you can buy Japanese cigarettes in japantown ?
I heard you can find mild seven there from a Japanese classmate but he does n't remember the shop .
Any ideas ?
japan 's production of tobacco is insignificant , so cigarettes sold in Japan are probably from tobacco originating in China , India , Brazil or the US .
If you have a preferred Japanese `` brand '' , find out which company makes it .
Generally , cigarettes are simply repackaged for a specific target market .
China by far produces the most tobacco .
Sprint iphone 4s shipping ?
Has anyone ordered the new iPhone 4s on Sprint ?
How long did it take to get your phone , how do you like it ?
2011 - 11 - 08 08:45:23 1320770723 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084522AAuGs3U</Link > Cell Phones & Plans bA2ADv18aa precious http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Are there any new Gaming console ?
I do n't know should i buy PS3 or X-BOX Kinect .
Or even N - DS or PSP .
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X-BOX then a newer version comes out .
( Same for N - DS and PSP ) 2011 - 11 - 08 08:43:56 1320770636 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084355AAvLpRa</Link > PlayStation pOlIixc9aa Zack http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 How much would I get for this PS3 + extras ?
It 's the old ( fat ) PS3 40GB , around 3/4 years old .
Includes ...
Playstation Move ( With starter disk ) + 2 Move Controllers and Navigation Controller , 7 Games ( Cod4 / Cod5 / MW2 / Black Ops / Red Dead Redemption / Sports Champions ( For Playstation Move ) , Guitar Hero 5 , Guitar Controller + USB adapter , Power Cabel , HDMI Cabel , USB Cabel , Mic Headset .
Thankyou : ) 2011 - 11 - 08 08:43:38 1320770618 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084338AAMCKh1</Link > PlayStation ZmBQJ45Aaa Alex Pea http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48e.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 I sent a phone to Mobile Phone Exchange and it failed a test due to lost or stolen what should I do ?
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?
2011 - 11 - 08 08:42:27 1320770547 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084227AAtbjAp</Link > Cell Phones & Plans qL02xpzEaa Dinohielo http://l.yimg.com/q/users/18TI0V7PSAAAB2cQmItI43JgB.medium.jpg</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?
2011 - 11 - 08 08:41:49 1320770509 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084149AAbQBhq</Link > Mobile Phones & Plans bNXnkPFHaa Nidhin Johney http://ext.yimg.com/ec?url=http%3a%2f%2fexternal.ak.fbcdn.net%2fsafe_image.php%3fd%3dAQCTxDurxjPiWX_t%26url%3dhttp%253A%252F%252Fprofile.ak.fbcdn.net%252Fhprofile-ak-snc4%252F369785_1646926396_694422493_q.jpg%26logo%26v%3d5&t=1320720891&ttl=3888000&sig=DgIHs8tyyqtXSSiJjtylDg--~B</UserPhotoURL > 3 0 if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me ?
i put $ 5 bucks down for it too .
2011 - 11 - 08 08:41:22 1320770482 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084122AAYLqSQ</Link > PlayStation AmJ9jbU7aa Jesse http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4eb45d56i23f8zws127bf1/Y_2FWoA7frWcZndhQpDQi_xsaXU-/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBqgf03V2m</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install .
Can that be fixed ?
I really like the MIUI , but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds .
And I ca n't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod. 2011 - 11 - 08 08:41:19 1320770479 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084119AAhsBk8</Link > Cell Phones & Plans WnbcxKkZaa Jonathan W http://l.yimg.com/q/users/1XiisZRMhAAIF_IFHfGE=.medium.jpg</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 I have a splitter / filter between my ADSL and ph line ?
I have 2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filter , I 'm still getting a buzzing noise even when I have disconnected the other phone without one .
Why is it stil doing this even though I do n't have the other phone connected ?
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well ?
2011 - 11 - 08 08:41:12 1320770472 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084111AAl5ras</Link > Land Phones x96W3Mlxaa Dena http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 how to delete multiple contacts in blackberry mobile phone ?
blackberry bold 9800 2011 - 11 - 08 08:40:58 1320770458 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084058AA3CmWv</Link > PDAs & Handhelds Ppu6FqTpaa Lubna http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they 're hooked up to a computer that is turned off ?
2011 - 11 - 08 08:40:37 1320770437 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108084036AAh8Ws9</Link > Cell Phones & Plans gD2rglneaa auroranebulosa http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 1 0
Restaurants in Sydney that serve a dish featuring truffles ?
Desperate to try them !
Any cuisine , location , price guide you can think of !
2011 - 09 - 30 06:22:24 1317388944 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930062224AAYKjFs</Link > New South Wales ( Sydney ) 4kGcbxFZaa Skatey http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 My Fiances 24th birthday any ideas out there ?
Hey everyone ,
i know this question must suck because obviously you do n't know the man i am talking about but ... if anyone has some amazing birthday ideas it would be helpful to give me some ideas .
we have our first baby on the way in march and i wanted to make this birthday very special for him .
its not until december but im trying to be super organized ! !
i do n't want another plain old dinner out something exciting something ... different and sweet that he will never forget ! !
Cheers :-) 2011 - 09 - 29 21:50:10 1317358210 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110929215010AAIWLgG</Link > Melbourne 1hHjhiw9aa Kylie http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e83d561i195czws104sp2/Yrb1yY86YqpdD2uFFUt._w1AyQ--/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB3QRWFlDp</UserPhotoURL > 3 0 You could get a meaningful picture printed on edible paper and lay it out on a homemade cake .
Any bakery should do it for you , for a cost .
Use maybe one of your engagement pictures or an ultrasound picture .
yO6V3OBEaa Moi 1317358496 1317368067 Have u heard of ryedales tavern ?
what do u think of it ?
2011 - 09 - 29 21:27:39 1317356859 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110929212739AA4aknB</Link > New South Wales ( Sydney ) 316Aw76jaa Teehan Western http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 My birthday is this weekend .
What are some good restaurants to go to in Sydney ?
I am looking for a good restaurant to go to and possibly even a little dancing afterwards .
Some recommendations would be much appreciated .
2011 - 09 - 29 21:06:49 1317355609 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110929210649AAfostA</Link > New South Wales ( Sydney ) awzaDHy0aa Eryn http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 Names of Sydney Resturants ?
There was this restaurant that i went to within the outer Sydney area and it has it set up so that when you are eating you can look at the decorations and you can buy them ... like you can buy everything in the restaurant ... if you know what restaurant i mean what is it called ?
2011 - 09 - 29 17:09:31 1317341371 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110929170931AA1ZFkZ</Link > Sydney B31jcWz7aa stephanie http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 Are there pizza hut restaurants still in Australia ?
Near Newcastle 2011 - 09 - 29 02:12:57 1317287577 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110929021257AAXJWhr</Link > Other - Australia TLLxH0qTaa theisaniinvictory http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 Good cafes in Sydney Australia ?
Its my best friends birthday tomorrow and I need a good cafe somewhere in the inner west of sydney , preferably like newtown , glebe , leichardt areas etc. Because I 'm 18 I am poor , so a relitively cheap cafe is a must .
Kindly appreciated x 2011 - 09 - 28 22:15:12 1317273312 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110928221512AAmoGrI</Link > Sydney oLBamWezaa Rosi http://l.yimg.com/q/users/1jyOjVbOdAAECnGKcNLFMBg==.medium.jpg</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Where can I buy Violet Crumble in Sydney ?
2011 - 09 - 28 14:53:48 1317246828 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110928145348AAzctKe</Link > New South Wales ( Sydney ) awzaDHy0aa Eryn http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 valid forms of id to get into a night club in victoria ?
yesterday i realised that my drivers licence was no longer in my wallet .
i looked around at home , but i couldnt find it , so jumped on vicroads and ordered a new one .
problem is i intended on going out tomorrow night and i dont really have any other forms of id .
i have my old learners permit with a hole punch in it , a working with childrens card and a victorian transport concession card .
because it takes up to 10 days for my new licence to arrive , is my only option to go all the way into the city to get a keypass ?
2011 - 09 - 28 07:54:53 1317221693 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110928075452AAPNXfo</Link > Melbourne 7sSzwnuhaa James http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48b.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Boyfriend 's 21st in one week , ideas ?
Sydney ?
My boyfriends 21 in one week today , no I 'm not lazy and did n't get him anything , he just called and happened to mention how proud he is of having found and bought himself this AMAZING thing .
Yeah , the same thing I was heading into town to get him tomorrow .
We live about an hour out of Sydney , any suggestions on a nice but relatively cheap hotel , or things to do around there ?
He hates heights , Loves games , Very active , Likes animals , Likes theatre etc 2011 - 09 - 28 04:52:26 1317210746 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110928045226AAbltFS</Link > Sydney ltSoFCoNaa PrettyStarFury http://l.yimg.com/q/users/1svAM6xKpAAEB40S60LbB-DUz6GoF.medium.jpg</UserPhotoURL > 5 0
does she actually like me ?
recently ive been put next to a girl i fancy in my class and have noticed shes been tapping her feet against mine in class and sometimes resting her feet on mine ( first couple of days ) then i told my friend about how i feel about her and he told her but tried to keep it a secret from me when i found out , anyway my friend said that when he was talking to her about it she said `` wharra knob '' and did a wtf smile but today she did the leg tapping again but this time it seemed more intimate and i noticed during the lessons she would be looking at me sometimes . .
what does this mean ?
2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:39 1317397659 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084738AAaFzdy</Link > Singles & Dating 3NiHS086aa Brad http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48e.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Is it true the BBC are funding a hair transplant ?
My mate said that they are going to fund a hair transplant for an arts correspondent called Will Gompertz .
Is that true , and should they do this ?
2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:34 1317397654 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084734AA7AUR7</Link > Current Events qKdQpZ5Kaa Deighton http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4a6efef4ifddzul5re4/7_HYI.I1fq_aoyjtXd3uPktcdK4-/6/tn48.jpg?ciAa60QBgKrvaQ.m</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 What Piercing Should I Get ?
blonde hair , 5 ft , wears makeup , i really want a lip ring but im not sure if it would look good on me ?
pplease help !
i have a oval face with full cheaks .
and bangs .
yes or no ?
2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:27 1317397647 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084727AATu24p</Link > Other - Skin & Body rxZmlxXkaa Taylor_19 http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c76fd76i27f3zws127sp2/lTHUlWMler8EK1HlZyTMPz7iwOHhxw--/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBNozvj3Ag</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Dont you think ? ? ? ? ? ?
yahoo answers should have a show ?
starring the 30 year old pediphiles , the 10 - 12 year old kids who come on here asking stupid questions , the lazy @ ss ppl who go right to polls and surveys to get an easy 2 points , the ppl who constantly ask questions tht make no sense and get the most answers , the ppl who think popularity matters on here .
Introducing the users tht dumbs down on people 's opinions with special guest stars the users that tell everyone to get a life , but keep answering all the pointless questions and the users that skip questions if its not stupid and is serious or if it has more than a paragraph written ... .
It should be a show , it has plenty of nonsense to be aired on television ... what do you think ?
and do you think the category of people i listed are true ?
And to you wise @ sses i didnt mean it literally it was a joke about all the people and nonsense on here ( try to lighten up ) had to post again just because you dont get it - -- - 2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:24 1317397644 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084724AAVeM2m</Link > Polls & Surveys F3ZpiGOSaa AmericanGirl http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1WCynidv5AAECmCKcHMVbCQ==.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 God said we inherit the sins of our fathers , right ?
Where I come from , 99 % of the population live in poverty .
The people of my country are mostly Catholics and Christian Protestants .
Is it right to assume that my people are sinful , therefore we are poor ?
Do you think poverty is a result of being too sinful ?
2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:22 1317397642 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084722AAn5p9O</Link > Religion & Spirituality Q5Q2hHc8aa zGROro http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1Fx_z-isnAAEB9AHN1mEcf_gB.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Who is the judge for the Reebok false advertisment case 2011 ?
Please ! ?
I need to know now for a project due in an hour .
I need one more and that 's all I can find .
Please help !
That 's all I can find !
2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:22 1317397642 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084722AApAJ95</Link > Law & Ethics 5n5wFDrnaa Alfred F. Jones http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e6d1c4ci927zws147ac4/mNfl.kszaa9JMuuYXjpCX.VvhphgEYfjje36/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBKhLS1PJT</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 If a girl would tell a guy she thinks flattery things and then tell him she would later tell him something ?
more interesting , would he be even excited about it or not ?
If you were in this state when a nice , pretty girl to tell you this how is making you feel like , or it does n't make you feel anyway ?
I meant maybe you did n't got that phrase ' she thinks flattery things ' , i mean if she would tell him he 's that and that and what she thinks he is like in a good way ... 2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:20 1317397640 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084719AAHHmSP</Link > Singles & Dating zMRy6c8iaa Marta Farud http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e5a09bdi1e65zws107mud/cWn3LsE8erTC7CV3uMVVb_4PmQ--/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBHZ1SD0A_</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Help with the name of a early 90s computer game ?
There was a computer game from late 80s or early 90s that I played growing up that I ca n't remember the name of .
You chose what animal you wanted to be ( anything from lion to sea crustaceans ) .
Then you enter a level that is split into a bunch of squares ( like a grid ) .
Then you move your animal one square at a time .
After moving yours , all the cpu controlled ones move too .
You have to avoid bigger animals that will eat you and / or go after smaller ones and eat them .
The goal I think was to make it to the other side of the map .
Anyone recall this game and what it was called ? ! ? !
2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:20 1317397640 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084720AAG83Ap</Link > Video & Online Games sGW8Sa06aa Seth http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 How can I get my ex to talk to me again ?
I still want her as a friend ?
I went out with this girl on and off for a long time but eventually we realised it was n't working and broke it off for good .
She has ADHD and is bipolar and can get quite insulting .
She told me to ring her the other week and I did , and she just started insulting me over the phone , and put me on speakerphone and got her friends to do the same .
I was really annoyed cos it was for absolutely no reason so I wrote her a really nasty email .
Unfortunately though she could n't take it like she dishes it out and started ignoring me and telling me her dad had told her not to talk to me and that she might get the police on me .
I 've tried ringing her but either she picks up and hangs up or her douchebag new boyfriend will pick up and insult me / tell me to leave her alone etc.
Even though I know this girl is trouble and I hate everything she 's put me through I still really want her in my life .
She 's like a baby sister to me , and although I do n't view her romantically or sexually anymore , I do n't want to lose her as a friend and I want her back in my life .
When I 'm lonely I have no - one to call now .
It used to be that if I was bored or lonely I 'd ring her and make a fuss of her and arrange to see her and then I 'd feel less lonely .
Even after we broke up I 'd still call her loads of cute nicknames and kiss her on the cheek all the time and make a fuss of her .
I still ca n't help but think of her affectionately even though she 's been such a b * * * h to me .
How can I convince her to let me back in her life ?
2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:05 1317397625 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084705AA6e7Ek</Link > Friends 8GeKDThXaa Sam http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48c.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Where can I download Sims 3 for under $ 40 or for free ?
Hi !
I am looking for a safe , legal way to download Sims 3 onto my Mac , for under $ 40 .
Or. . .
if possible ... a safe and legal way to download it for free .
Anyone know a good place to download this for not a lot of money ? ? ?
10 points .
: ) Thanks !
2011 - 09 - 30 08:47:01 1317397621 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930084700AAnwLPF</Link > PC oNkywAtoaa i ♥ ducklings http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1mwMI9zMFAAEEMQFsKJBwYoHOI9ckqA==.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0
best vancouver area restaurant ?
which restaurant has the hottest hotties in town .
A friend said Browns but I have never been because I thought Cactus Club is it .
Opinion ?
I dont just want to eat , I want to eat and check out hotties 2011 - 10 - 02 20:18:43 1317611923 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111002201843AASljUl</Link > Vancouver hq21MmbJaa Joe http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48e.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 rent a place for hours ?
calgary ?
so ...
I want to rent a place for a few hours just to do something special with my girlfriend since we can not stay out the whole night .
it can be either motels , hotels or inns , or anywhere that I can have safe privacy and comfortable surroundings ...
Any suggestions ?
2011 - 10 - 02 20:07:01 1317611221 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111002200701AAhtBHD</Link > Calgary nOmdtz3haa Ciciccz http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48b.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 is Dragon Pearl Buffet halal ?
the one located at 865 york mills rd 2011 - 10 - 02 20:01:06 1317610866 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111002200106AApDkW5</Link > Toronto PxcRZHPdaa Eva Harris http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e2d466ai23c6zws124mud/lElIoYI0baf.z3D2ph1paTg049w-/8/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBF1damX8G</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 What do u think of the Skylon Tower ?
I recently went up there .
From what I guess , they use to charge to go up but now admission is free if you are dining there .
I found the experience of the rotating dining room eerily different but I eventually got use to it .
The food is plain in some ways ie the buns and veggies were disappointingly average for such prices but the soup and some details like how they jazz up the mashed potatoes was refreshing apropos .
Compared to a similar restaurant in pricing , their appetizer was sub-par in presentation and taste but their soup was good .
Their main entree was better in presentation and taste .
Overall our bill was 50 dollars cheaper than similar restaurant meals which is fair considering the atmosphere should cost extra with a live pianist as well .
2011 - 10 - 02 18:01:47 1317603707 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111002180146AAgJq4v</Link > Niagara Falls LQpUQ3kFaa Daedal http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4da208a7i189ezws137mud/VxxCcwcicqrMFipU8EVRpew-/11/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB3cco870M</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 the food was great when we went eyars ago , service was polite , enjoyed the views of course , really didnt like the tacky games and amusements . .
its like every stupid place in that town needs to have low grade arcades hq21MmbJaa Joe 1317612039 1317630932 TOPSHOP IN TORONTO 2011 - 10 - 02 00:56:45 1317542205 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111002005645AASMj0p</Link > Toronto 8zKBGyGjaa MayaW http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/253v5pJXs_JqIMeRAW-a0IQABAvkBwA5GGx8g.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 Cheap cakes in Toronto ?
I was wondering whether you know anywhere where I can buy birthday cakes for under $ 10 ?
For about 6 people ?
Any advice is appreciated :
D 2011 - 10 - 01 23:37:49 1317537469 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111001233749AAD4Mb6</Link > Toronto PvsXeHzzaa J M http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 Where in Toronto can I get Wakame kelp or any other kind of Japanese seaweed from ... ?
2011 - 10 - 01 22:17:11 1317532631 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111001221711AAqpTSD</Link > Toronto SSBee3Wnaa I Spit Upon Your Grave ( Sadistic Saggitarius ) http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4a382808ibb6zul6re4/JK9PhXogbqOcsZY7Bow5lnkzEcMfYLyrceo-/2/tn48.jpg?ciAa60QBkl2l4mcY</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 mcdonalds employer in canada ?
2011 - 10 - 01 17:21:01 1317514861 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111001172101AA1BiUm</Link > Other - Canada STsl8cm4aa Bryan Gaudia http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 What should i do for my 16th birthday ?
I 'll be turning 16 in January , and i was thinking of just renting a limo & going to yorkdale mall with a couple of friends then having diner & going to a desert place .
I do n't really want a big formal party , but i think the limo would be a good idea , its not like people rent limos everyday .
Should i do this , or would it be weird ?
2011 - 10 - 01 14:26:46 1317504406 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111001142646AAU3Wfr</Link > Other - Canada PFkp9hHOaa Kayla Mariposa http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48b.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 What Whitby , Ontario Restaurants Hire Hostesses and have decent uniforms ?
I currently work at Denny 's and am looking for a new job .
I love hostessing and would really prefer to stay in this stream of carreers as a job .
I am only 16 so I am not able to be a server yet .
I am not quitting because of the uniforms , but I would really like to work some where that has nice uniforms .
I am used to having to wear dress pants ( full dress pants , not tna 's or anything nice like that . They are gross dress pants ) and a specific `` Denny 's '' shirt .
I would like to know what restaurants in whitby have nice uniforms and what they are ( if possible ) .
Also , I dont want a place that is morning shifts , just evening shifts !
Thanks in advance for any help !
2011 - 10 - 01 13:59:59 1317502799 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111001135959AA09Q9w</Link > Toronto VXeDnWaqaa Emily http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 1 0
Are there any halal food near the Mercure Opera Hotel in Lille ?
2011 - 09 - 29 07:17:41 1317305861 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110929071741AAos8XX</Link > Lille xpIAotzzaa Farzana http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 One word that describes ?
Callum - Hannah - Cam - Hanna - Alessa - Brad - Richalynn - MM - Alessa - Me :
D - 2011 - 09 - 25 13:23:37 1316982217 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110925132337AAxOAsD</Link > Nice zhVtJZZnaa Raja http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e4c0be5idd1zws116ac4/TR3n8boja5nf5GeNEheh/11/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBbUC8XaGq</UserPhotoURL > 9 0 Awesome
Callum - F * cked up loser Hannah - Lovely lovely lovely person Cam - Lovely lovely lovely person Hanna - Lovely lovely lovely person Alessa - Lovely lovely lovely person Brad - Lovely lovely lovely person Richalynn - Lovely lovely lovely person MM - Lovely lovely lovely person Alessa - Lovely lovely lovely person You :
D - Lovely lovely lovely person
F * ck it I 'm not gon na , I 've complimented everyone too much through knowing them as it is .
You all know I love you JLIFmfr3aa Callum 1316982447 1317195721 What is a good hotel in this town , that serves great vino ?
2011 - 09 - 20 12:45:28 1316547928 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110920124528AA1gFpp</Link > Nice 5YNsocZUaa Kate http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c827f27i26c4zws135mud/8aGR4w0jfrZPuQxoP1lzKQ--/2/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBoZ1EJ6Jp</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 You 're kidding , right ?
You 're in Nice , and you do n't know how to get a glass of great wine ?
( a clue : they do n't call it `` vino '' in France ) .
ZSOxZFLbaa Dart 1316552924 1317067400 Where is a good place to get a glass of wine around $ 100 a glass ?
2011 - 09 - 20 12:42:25 1316547745 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110920124225AAkrjNO</Link > Nice 5YNsocZUaa Kate http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c827f27i26c4zws135mud/8aGR4w0jfrZPuQxoP1lzKQ--/2/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBoZ1EJ6Jp</UserPhotoURL > 3 0 $ 100 a glass , are you mental ?
1ccwRKDPaa Hardie Hibee 1316553199 1317067374 So is everyone gone ?
I guess I have to leave for school soon anyways
Whats the latest you 've had class ?
its 25 to 4 now but I have a two hour class at 6 2011 - 09 - 12 13:09:46 1315858186 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110912130946AASwZak</Link > Nice zhVtJZZnaa Raja http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e4c0be5idd1zws116ac4/TR3n8boja5nf5GeNEheh/11/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBbUC8XaGq</UserPhotoURL > 5 0 I 'm going now ...
Have fun in school : ) take careeee M2rXfRc4aa hanna who ?
1315858647 1315922051 How many days until my 18th birthday ?
Im 16 .
Today is 9/12/11 i 'll be eighteen on 6/26/13
How many days is that ?
2011 - 09 - 12 12:56:57 1315857417 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110912125657AAMUhnQ</Link > Nice RPW1pqm9aa Tyler King http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e61d414i20c6zws149ac4/CALg1cg6cqhr90n5.ZWXIyqcsgQ-/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB3syqMCdn</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 655 days TbiSBXclaa mccoyblues 1315860371 1315864491 I have lost my wit ! ! ?
I think God has taken it away due to sinning .
What do i do ?
2011 - 09 - 11 00:09:40 1315724980 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110911000940AAoCa32</Link > Saint - Etienne 8SiSb6Phaa cutie gurl http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48e.png</UserPhotoURL > 5 0 I 'll pray for you .
Hope you get your wit back !
ZNOUla9Laa The Cat 's Meow 1315725070 1315763807 What are the names of a few decent places to eat near this area ?
2011 - 09 - 09 11:46:20 1315593980 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110909114620AApmzt5</Link > Montpellier JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 http://www.montpelier-vt.org/category-display/591/RestaurantsPubs.html?id=DaZVZIaB</ChosenAnswer > rAc0UvALaa Señor Master Chief 1316088998 1316459032 Cam , how do you feel about this ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEm5ti2w5Eo
-- Ric - LOL I & # 039 ; d have died if she did !
Cam - lmao , It is questionnable ; ) 2011 - 09 - 05 14:59:29 1315259969 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110905145929AAulQVg</Link > Nice L90VP1Draa Hannah * cries * http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4da9a788i187czws103mud/We5hRz45dbQOyqeoSqY-/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBhJffPtHw</UserPhotoURL > 3 0 she didn & # 039 ; t take her dress off , LAAAAME .
hazAdGWjaa Vaginitis Peas 1315260083 1317280933 Hey Prizzy ?
How are you my friend : ) 2011 - 09 - 05 12:09:52 1315249792 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110905120951AAfrkYN</Link > Nice zhVtJZZnaa Raja http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e4c0be5idd1zws116ac4/TR3n8boja5nf5GeNEheh/11/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBbUC8XaGq</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 Hey Sun King where & # 039 ; s my question huh ?
lol jk U2bnMKxGaa Urahara Kisuke 1315250204 1315389228
How to stop wearing makeup ?
Retin - a and acne scars ?
I am a sixteen year old girl and I have been wearing makeup for a long while now .
I started wearing it to cover up spots when they began to pop up .
Long story short , my skin got really bad due to hormonal stuff and now I have really bad hyperpigmetation all along my jaw line and the sides of my face .
My acne is controlled but I 'm so insecure about the scarring .
I 'm using retin - a and benzoyl peroxide , and I was on doxycycline , which is really helping a ton but I was wondering if at some point my skin would be nice enough to not need foundation ?
And how long will it take to get there ?
2011 - 10 - 03 06:58:16 1317650296 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065816AAOt32n</Link > Skin Conditions 5a4sxLuTaa Em http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Do you reckon she would ever go out with me or should I move on ?
I liked this girl from work a lot , I 'm almost 20 and here is basically the jist of it .
Things I did wrong :
Met her in November 2010 , yet waited till February to ask for her number and asked her out late Feb / March .
Talked to her too often probably , she would have thought I was obsessed with her .
Not daily talks or anything but if I was at the shopping centre where we work and she was working I 'd come and talk to her but even then that was only around 3 or 4 times from January to February .
Did n't play '' the game `` , made myself out to want her too much without making myself '' wanted `` .
Did n't try to make myself '' hard to get ``
Asked her out over the phone instead of in person , this was because I did n't want to ask her out at work which although I believe it 's a valid reason considering customers / staff could walk around and hear it , I should have manned up and done it face to face
I think in my lone opportunity where I think I might have had a chance was Boxing Day 2010 , we were both working and she asked me if I was going to a local nightclub on the night and I said '' yes `` and she smiled and said '' see you there `` . I did n't get in till about 12am because of the line and as I walking past in the outside beer garden she grabbed my arm , stopped me and kissed me on the cheek and we talked for 2 - 3 minutes . I could n't seal anything because she left the club not long after as she had an early flight the next morning because she went with a few girlfriends to another state for New Year 's 2011 . I should have asked her out not long after she got back , maybe even ask for her number on that night in the short time I had .
When I did ask her out to the movies and she said '' yes `` , I did n't set a date or time because I asked if she was busy in the next week and she said she was so I said I 'd get back to her . ( ROOKIE MISTAKE ! ! ! ! ! ! , I ca n't believe I was such a stupid idiot ! )
When I asked her out to coffee a few weeks later with a date and time , she said '' she 'd get back to me `` when I asked and again when I saw her the next day at work ( I was there to check my schedule and I bumped into her )
No wonder she did n't want to go out with me , this is my first time experiencing rejection and it was with a girl I pretty much fell in love with me , just my luck :-/
If only I could press the restart button on her , I reckon I 'd have a better outcome the second time : ( She 's really beautiful and a great girl so to find someone else hurts especially cos I might have had a shot with this one : ( Oh and since about June I have n't really talked to her on my accord
I 've gotten fitter in the last few months since joining the gym , went from 16.5 % bf to 12 % already and although I was never ' fat ' whilst I 've known her , I look a lot more fitter and starting to tone and gain muscle .
Do you reckon she would ever change her mind and go out with me or do I move on ?
2011 - 10 - 03 06:58:13 1317650293 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065813AAff8K0</Link > Singles & Dating hIdVcBigaa Brad http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48b.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 that was not my question , my question - why ca n't I send an email and how long will it be until I can ?
I ca n't get my emails to go through , it keeps saying something about someone messing with my mail illegally , I do n't understand it .
sylvi 2011 - 10 - 03 06:58:09 1317650289 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065809AAl68On</Link > Attachments & Photos 1KhzyZfZaa Sylvia Armstrong http://ext.yimg.com/ec?url=http%3a%2f%2fexternal.ak.fbcdn.net%2fsafe_image.php%3fd%3dAQCdym9InrA7AtZy%26url%3dhttp%253A%252F%252Fprofile.ak.fbcdn.net%252Fhprofile-ak-snc4%252F186612_100002143297434_5175494_q.jpg%26logo%26v%3d5&t=1317640328&ttl=3888000&sig=iTGyMuXfrPZ7PENFh1Lk.A--~B</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Competing with products from China ?
Hi Mr. President Obama I am currently unemployed , and I had founded very difficult to get a job , I am 51 old and I found that Is very difficult at my age even to get an interview ! .
This is my question ?
I use to fabricate wood cabinets to supply the demand during the construction boom , since we suffer The housing fall out , I been trying to do wet ever is possible to feed my family , but it is very hard to compete against a market of cabinets coming from China , I feel that we are a disadvantage due to the low labor regulations in that country , and also we are importing their bugs like the Snout Beetle , or Seed Weevil .
could you please tell me what can your presidency do to level the Plainfield ?
2011 - 10 - 03 06:58:03 1317650283 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065803AA55ziP</Link > Corporations kw3YUqgBaa fernando http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Reinstalling Windows7 system with windows sever 2003 . ?
I currently have windows 7 ultimate installed on my laptop lenovo y 430 2.00GHz/4GB RAM / 500GB HDD.Can I remove this windows7 completely and install windows server 2003 Ent edition on my laptop with a bootable windows server 2003 cd .
If i dont have the bootable cd for win server2003 then is there an other way .
2011 - 10 - 03 06:57:50 1317650270 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065750AAjkHUP</Link > Software AA10627504 exoticnapster http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Are there any uni degrees in ur opinion which are pointless and will get you nowhere at all ?
2011 - 10 - 03 06:57:49 1317650269 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065748AAfupTy</Link > Studying Abroad 316Aw76jaa Teehan Western http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 i took a drug test and the lady said they have to send out the results cuz the scanner couldnt read my results ?
what does this mean ?
could i have failed i havent smoked in abouta month .
2011 - 10 - 03 06:57:44 1317650264 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065744AAcrv5R</Link > Other - Health SlineCJAaa jbaby http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48b.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 As you , previous Presidents have supported the united nations which is against our CONSTITUTION , Why ?
Article 10 , section 1 of the CONSTITUTION refers to our nation not being tied with foreign nations , to maintain soverinity of the United States .
We have had previous Presdents who have signed on with this united nations and producing soft laws to try to control the United States .
What are you going to do to make the United States sovereign and get out of the united nations and kick the united nations out of the United States ?
2011 - 10 - 03 06:57:40 1317650260 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065739AAxOFs4</Link > International Organizations BBgZiyyDaa ROHBAR http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48c.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Esau and Jacob in Judaism ... . . ?
Who was his wife and children :
Is his wife his cousin Basma daughter of his Uncle Ishmael or African woman from Ethiopia ?
Did Esau hate Jocob ?
Did he try to kill Jacob ?
2011 - 10 - 03 06:57:36 1317650256 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065736AAUVZZ4</Link > Israel 13hZRCkLaa ... ... . .
http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48e.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 After reading Ezekiel 4:15 I do n't see whats Holy about God in that situation .
Can you explain ?
Dung and food just do n't seem to go together .
2011 - 10 - 03 06:57:32 1317650252 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111003065732AAAaBtZ</Link > Religion & Spirituality MYK4sDfUaa Ej One CHIEF LORD Zero http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48b.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0
Please tell what is the best restaurant in Delhi . ?
2011 - 10 - 31 05:12:19 1320063139 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111031051219AAywf5y</Link > Delhi and NCR rMwABOz6aa Raju http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48c.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 which is the best vegetarian restaurant in south chennai ?
except for saravana bhavan 2011 - 10 - 31 01:36:03 1320050163 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111031013603AA3G3Qj</Link > Chennai o1mOYv2Iaa Cine http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Am in Bangalore.Does any body know where i will get Vetmedin.Any other phrmacies which will provide delivary ?
I need details about Vetmedin.Its side effects and benefits.How much dosage should be provided.Whether i can get it in Bangalore or any pharmacies which will supply that medicine to India.Thanks in advance .
2011 - 10 - 31 00:13:08 1320045188 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111031001308AA3Oxxz</Link > Bangalore hWyh53Ukaa Sweety http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 development of a new food product ?
Me and my team have to develop a new food product.A product totally new or a modification of an already existing one . .
Please help us with a concept on any area - fruits and vegetables / dairy / cereals / / bakery.You can share your own idea about what kinda new food product you want in the market . .
Remember that the product should have the capability of sale in market and hence suggest idea for products that can be stored / preserved for a minimum period of 15 days.Thanks .
2011 - 10 - 30 13:12:47 1320005567 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111030131247AAZfo02</Link > Mumbai 1Lap73Yyaa http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 where can i get good sushi ?
2011 - 10 - 29 22:18:46 1319951926 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111029221846AAwCFuh</Link > Bangalore Xen5Zq1kaa mr k http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 8 0 From Where can I buy a good vinyl record player in ( INDIA ) MUMBAI ?
plz help coz my grandfather has many recods to play on the player ... but the player in broken & cant b further repaired ... . .
Plz help ... . .
I wannna Gift him vinyl record player On his Birthday . .
Plz help ...
Thank you . .
2011 - 10 - 29 21:52:50 1319950370 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111029215250AAA05yk</Link > Mumbai XSM20lCxaa Zubair http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c663358ie77zws121sp2/.wUVrEwrbqQ2TLqH.CbLCUqBjFgh33qA/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB1wlJVHc.</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 What are the positive and negative impacts of India 's Population Policy ! ? ? ?
Easy 10 points ?
and also
How much does the policy cost in $ per year ?
I really have no idea . .
so any help is greatly appreciated ! ! !
Thanks !
: ) 2011 - 10 - 29 14:10:50 1319922650 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111029141050AA2g1fr</Link > Other - India Rj1XBn5Raa Radha M http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Places to meet and hangout in Delhi ?
Have a date tomrw .
Need to plan out a whole day ! !
No good movies released too ... .
: ( help 2011 - 10 - 29 09:31:04 1319905864 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111029093104AAcB8zr</Link > Delhi and NCR ps1Hmcyxaa Pari http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1Fku4fbCrAAEB3cTFhDJyVx5p5PoE.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 3 0 Who would take silk as part of their job ? 2011 - 10 - 29 00:09:11 1319872151 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111029000911AAcpzOv</Link > Vadodara 1yBpduJ8aa Level http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 Barrister FcrwcYV9aa Samsul 1319876246 1319878610 Which one the best GSM service provider in NCR ( Delhi , Gurgaon etc. ) ? 2011 - 10 - 28 22:21:05 1319865665 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111028222105AAmEJQu</Link > Delhi and NCR kXXzUq9taa Sujit http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4dd0af89i1697zws101sp2/UxgWFU04daDLscN1Ej7w6foTcDA-/2/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB.KMf_XNq</UserPhotoURL > 3 0
What is the best italian restaurant in KL right now ?
Thnx ?
2011 - 10 - 27 08:29:31 1319729371 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111027082931AAOci8i</Link > Kuala Lumpur UMpyCjoDaa Piero P http://l.yimg.com/q/users/1DJGkdA6uAAECQWEo8AceAQ==.medium.jpg</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 Italliannes , Gardens the shopping mall mrJLKCiKaa CL 1319967990 1320248682 how do i own a internet ?
i wan na own a internet but i dunno how 2011 - 10 - 11 09:02:33 1318348953 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111011090233AAcJe6E</Link > Penang x7tQBUCvaa Oedipus http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48b.png</UserPhotoURL > 4 0 next time you comment on someone 's question with a rude ass remark bitch make sure you dont make yourself look like a moron .
the camera film question i asked you linked me a video , and thank you very fucking much i watched that video BEFORE you linked it to me .
it didnt show a damn thing about changeint the fucking film , I did look on google .
So next time your ignorant ass wants to get smart with an adult think before you speak you little prick v8SX2QgIaa Mikiko 1318570359 1318946003 Well done .
You were safely evacuated :
D. What now ?
... 2011 - 09 - 26 08:59:42 1317052782 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110926085942AAxtGaF</Link > Johor Bahru 4MOBrx5zaa ಠ_ಠ d - dαrk lσrd vσldч ಠ_ಠ WEARS A SOMBRERO http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4d580176id3azws138mud/LZDpkZw4RK6JAhNrblTxXYn3ILWrLp7TV74Vvx_7jh48/7/tn48.png?ciAa60QB_8B_kM5A</UserPhotoURL > 5 0 You evacuate .
f696776b941b55b420115b639c09c57aaa ajtheactress 1317064754 1317571996 Is it wrong to hate a certain race ?
I do n't mind doing a 5k but my running group is thinking of joining a 10k and I really do n't like them .
2011 - 09 - 25 07:41:53 1316961713 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110925074153AAGnL3B</Link > Ipoh Ew7U49S8aa the little mermaid http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1MMTy8NT9AAECXEFedA1HIu0B.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 4 0 All of them , except for walking .
2wgEsVmsaa Sarrafzedehkhoee 1317280653 1318105982 How many of your contacts usually answer your questions ?
i do n't have much contacts on this account sadly , so i 'm going to try to put in tags that would attract my contacts , so they 'll see this answer .
ahem Excuse me
Kittens , Kitties , Puppies , Boobs , Bend Over , Spiderman , Sharks , Darkness , Dark , Scary , Sparta , 300 , Ballet , Siccors , rugrats , spongebob , One Direction , One Erection ( ? )
, Kesha , Lupe Fiasco , Kid Cudi , Linkin Park , red , Paramore , Twilight Sucks , Justin Bieber sucks , Brushing teeth , pandas , finding nemo , and Basketball .
Now we play the waiting game 2011 - 09 - 21 15:06:57 1316642817 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110921150656AAWtSwu</Link > Ipoh GyQA8AM8aa Kenya http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c5e1bb3i1acbzws127mud/o8iahu8haa9RwU43UoE0uE_bRTMuvw6ZMddyclmp0g--/1/tn48.png?ciAa60QBr2z3_G67</UserPhotoURL > 3 0 several . .
pK8mBnd9aa Hannah 1316660032 1317162206 Do that again ... ... ... . . ?
but harder 2011 - 09 - 03 16:01:48 1315090908 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110903160148AA0kQpq</Link > Melaka zhVtJZZnaa Raja http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e4c0be5idd1zws116ac4/TR3n8boja5nf5GeNEheh/11/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBbUC8XaGq</UserPhotoURL > 5 0 I wish I had someone to whisper that in my ear D : L90VP1Draa Hannah * cries * 1315090976 1315144775 How would you feel if I dedicated this to you ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWIhwplfx4Q
♥ -- ♥ 2011 - 09 - 02 13:53:57 1314996837 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110902135357AAuXPk3</Link > Ipoh L90VP1Draa Hannah * cries * http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4da9a788i187czws103mud/We5hRz45dbQOyqeoSqY-/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBhJffPtHw</UserPhotoURL > 5 0 like makin babies ; ) CTrXKLevaa Eric 1314997427 1315001720 So my ex had a very bad summer ?
http://x3d.xanga.com/76b811e6d2d40257482234/m167343996.gif
I 'm an awful person Hannah you killed him O_o 2011 - 09 - 01 15:11:14 1314915074 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110901151114AAsqFNm</Link > Melaka zhVtJZZnaa Raja http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e4c0be5idd1zws116ac4/TR3n8boja5nf5GeNEheh/11/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBbUC8XaGq</UserPhotoURL > 4 0 LOL my ex does n't exist O_o L90VP1Draa Hannah * cries * 1314915187 1314920172 who write the letter to my friend ?
he says that he saw a letter is slipped on a table from the window , but he did n't get a chances to see the sender `` s faces .
he says he heard a running sound after the letter is slipped on the table .
the letter is sent at 6.45 am .
he says the letter is sent at the back of the house .
2011 - 08 - 26 01:40:27 1314348027 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110826014027AABUFtg</Link > Other - Malaysia zkbdZwfZaa Giomarc http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48b.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 huh ?
PGykviLgaa Trolo Lo 1314356846 1314867197 How to eat in a hotel ?
I mean , when you eat in a hotel , what type of food should I start with first ?
I 'm going to have fast breaking in hotel this Sunday .
And I 'm afraid i 'll start off with the heavy food and then i ca n't eat no more , which is a waste of money because it 's so expensive .
so where should i start first ?
the only thing that i know is , dessert is the last .
that 's for sure .
please , I NEED HELP !
2011 - 08 - 12 21:47:22 1313210842 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110812214721AAvjWdQ</Link > Kuala Lumpur tMY9vtGBaa Qaisara Idrus http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1LxOo8tW3AAEB-IF3fKYMd_8A.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 3 0 start with fruit and pastries , then move on to the heavier breakfast foods such as bacon & eggs , then dessert last .
yf53fWpPaa pinkloveee 1313266554 1314002523
Is this where I order my tacos ?
Extra salsa please ... 2011 - 11 - 03 20:48:20 1320378500 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111103204820AAx3Oat</Link > Mexico City jqjqcd7Caa darth dharma http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4bb8c49ei1deazul1re3/FheNyOw1c6cIgqI4kV4Gs2dyqKk-/2/tn48.jpg?ciAa60QBGKW.D3SX</UserPhotoURL > 3 1 Yup .
It 'll arrive in ... calculating ... 4 years .
HbDeim6Eaa Ingrid 1320378554 1320383669 MM , how would you feel knowing Callum picks out hot black guys for me ?
; ) 2011 - 10 - 29 13:45:00 1319921100 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111029134500AAlYEkL</Link > Oaxaca L90VP1Draa Hannah * cries * http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4da9a788i187czws103mud/We5hRz45dbQOyqeoSqY-/1/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBhJffPtHw</UserPhotoURL > 5 0 LMAO Hmmm I wish his long arms would reach to the USA and stroke me UDRF9aUZaa ɱƔş ┼ ƹƦƴ M ∆ ɲ ❤ ' s Mr Snorks Canoƹ Arm 1319921296 1319974367 What is a Mexican specialty that is served at a great restaurant in this city ?
2011 - 10 - 26 12:48:02 1319658482 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111026124802AAv3ayp</Link > Leon JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 I would say try Tamales
or some truly spectacular enchiladas zgOYFgRPaa P > O 1319658876 1319815534 What are some of the best clubs in this city ?
What kinds of food are available there ?
2011 - 10 - 26 11:58:18 1319655498 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111026115818AAuJAM0</Link > Cancun JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 Cancun is a GREAT city to visit ! !
Wow do I love those beach front hotels .
They have absolutely excellent places to dine !
zgOYFgRPaa P > O 1319658809 1319815580 What is a local tourist Attraction in this city that has a decent restaurant nearby , what that eatery called ?
2011 - 10 - 26 11:56:18 1319655378 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111026115618AAtGaO3</Link > Durango JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 I applaud you for asking about our great city !
Place visit and bring a lot of people .
Mexican food is a delight to behold , enjoy !
zgOYFgRPaa P > O 1319658734 1319815625 What is a great restaurant to get the feel for the local scene in this city ?
2011 - 10 - 26 07:30:15 1319639415 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111026073015AAICKsR</Link > Oaxaca JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 Try the Juan Matos .
It 's an excellent place .
zgOYFgRPaa P > O 1319658670 1319815731 Subway or McDonalds ?
Which do you prefer ?
2011 - 10 - 24 09:46:34 1319474794 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111024094634AAijN55</Link > Durango JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 7 0 Subway , but the only one I know of here in Italy is in Rome and if I 'm there neither McDonald 's nor Subway would be my choice of a place to eat .
kgBPU4xxaa conley39 1319477505 1319639817 What is a nice restaurant around this cities main tourists attractions ?
2011 - 10 - 24 09:44:44 1319474684 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111024094444AA8MFtr</Link > Durango JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 http://www.bestday.com/Durango/Restaurants
:-) \ \ / / AA11370204 Spitfire58 1319485494 1319639708 What are some of the best family restaurant type restaurants in this city ?
2011 - 10 - 24 09:42:38 1319474558 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111024094237AAbGIwD</Link > Durango JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 http://www.bestday.com/Durango/Restaurants
http://www.lonelyplanet.com/mexico/...mexico/durango/restaurants
:-) \ \ / / AA11370204 Spitfire58 1319485402 1319815683 How can I buy my own Yamster ?
I have fallen in love with my boyfriend 's cat. 2011 - 10 - 19 09:00:00 1319040000 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111019085959AAtgSO8</Link > Zacatecas BV6FWtI4aa Allison http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e8520fdi1747zws110bf1/Sdxbf1Epfr94EDhGK7ktdJfoCWHAnA--/4/tn48.png?ciAa60QBpEsC9C8H</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 For the yamster , just take a picture from off the internet , save it in to you pictures .
Then go to edit your avatar picture and crop .
For a cat , check your local animal shelter , they may have one .
If not , then there is the pet store .
rAc0UvALaa Señor Master Chief 1319045287 1319126986
how to move on if im still loving to someone ?
2011 - 11 - 06 18:41:35 1320633695 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111106184135AA1LjPT</Link > Pattaya 5ume7Vt2aa Cristine http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 Where in Phuket is the best coffee shop ?
do any of you have Butch Moon or any of his affiliates as contacts ?
This TD trolling is beyond old , and he 's finding some of us in other categories .
2011 - 10 - 06 11:35:12 1317926112 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111006113512AAJ0N9g</Link > Phuket 5uvTte8Zaa Leprosy http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4ace335ei1d5bzul1re4/5DgTSUwyeqKrh1eNMD255w--/9/tn48.jpg?ciAa60QB88dKpx84</UserPhotoURL > 6 0 hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha :
D
I LOVE this category ! ! !
I think the best coffee shop is right across the street from the Phuket FantaSea Show , see details here :
http://www.phuket.com/island/10mustsee.htm
I sure hope not , I do not think he appreciated me referring to him as Butchie Boy on one of my questions he answered and offering to pray for him , he changed the name on that account for a day or two .
I blocked that account and maybe , `` mmm errrr ummmm '' , reported a few of them , but Yafoo must not consider me a good citizen cause they did not suspend the 5 or 6 I brought to their attention , in fact my complaints were totally ignored ( I only did that because he was downright obnoxious and rude on my question , he inferred that I had a douchebag mentality - really ? ? ? )
As you know , I have not been back very long , but in that short time I have seen him leave some really hurtful and nasty answers , no one should have to put up with that , especially not the kids that are here to talk about music .
The adults can brush that crap off easier , but I worry about the younger ones that are more fragile emotionally and not as thick skinned about it .
Could maybe some of the others try reporting ?
I saved some of the places I found him in my watchlist so I could find them again , if anyone wants , I can email them the links .
Enjoy the coffee : ) TcPHMygwaa Light It Up 1317931602 1318108426 Wendy 's or Taco Bell , which do you prefer ?
2011 - 09 - 26 08:16:58 1317050218 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110926081658AAPKBgw</Link > Samut Prakan JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 5 0 I take a Wendy 's Burger and I will not go to taco bell the last time I ate taco bell has been 20 years ago it was real bad food for me after I ate there I went to the woods to do some running then I got lost in the woods when I reach to the other side of the woods I had to do some running on the road to get back to my car That is another reason I do n't want to go to taco bell that what happen when I eat at taco bell food rl5lsuOAaa Truck Stop 1317051306 1317054998 Is there a bar / restaurant near this city that has country western music ?
2011 - 09 - 26 08:16:12 1317050172 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110926081612AAINk6L</Link > Samut Prakan JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 I doubt very much you would get any Mexican restaurant or the one that has country western music in this city .
Try Bangkok .
Better chance there .
And it is not that far away from Samut Prakan .
jEKQ3clFaa Super Midget X 1317273499 1317915193 What is your favorite item from McDonalds ?
2011 - 09 - 26 08:15:11 1317050111 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110926081510AATMLnI</Link > Samut Prakan JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 7 0 BIG MAC GmCNlZOMaa Brooke 1317050489 1317055145 McDonalds , Subway , KFC or Taco Bell , which do you prefer ?
2011 - 09 - 26 08:13:09 1317049989 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110926081309AAILG5B</Link > Samut Prakan JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 7 0 I would not trust any subway in this country .
McDonalds has taro pie and pineapple pie - these are to die for !
jEKQ3clFaa Super Midget X 1317273568 1317915176 Is there a decent mexican restaurant in this city ?
2011 - 09 - 26 08:11:50 1317049910 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110926081150AAsdpBa</Link > Samut Prakan JfVxCDb7aa Karamazov http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4c4a0f14i1b2dzws128sp2/QvPe64oherSgOvp7bBd7xSQnAA--/7/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB5DHx690L</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 Having trouble trying to find Information on Mexican restaurans in Samut Prakan , Thailand !
:-) \ \ / / AA11370204 Spitfire58 1317056258 1318105974 Who & # 039 ; s creepier ?
Callum , Hannah or MM 2011 - 09 - 25 10:26:56 1316971616 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110925102656AAJOxcj</Link > Nonthaburi zhVtJZZnaa Raja http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4e4c0be5idd1zws116ac4/TR3n8boja5nf5GeNEheh/11/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBbUC8XaGq</UserPhotoURL > 5 0 MM. .
he & # 039 ; s always finding a way to flirt with me D : 9W2ulNIDaa huckingfipster 1316971803 1316986149 Thai Food , Please Help out ?
I need some help , im going to thailand on friday and im on a strict diet , what are some low cal low fat thai dishes i could eat .
I already no tom yum gai is good .
My step mum is thai but its embarrassing to ask , so can you help me out ?
also what should i avoid , and what are some spicy foods that will help speed up my metabolism ?
Lucky , that is kind of offensive .
Shes not a & # 039 ; thai bride & # 039 ; .
& gt ; : / 2011 - 09 - 11 06:06:51 1315746411 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110911060651AAOJGYj</Link > Bangkok XbpRsMdoaa Kat Kosta http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 - Gang Som is a low - calorie curry - Somtam ( papaya salad ) is your best bet .
It & # 039 ; s one of the national dishes , and so fresh and delicious .
Be sure to ask for it MY PET ( Not spicy ) or else it will take the roof off your head .
Or you can say MAI SYE PRIK ( Don & # 039 ; t put in any chilis ) if you don & # 039 ; t want any heat .
Have the SOMTAM with either KHAO NIAO ( sticky rice ) or KHAO SUAY ( plain rice ) .
There are different kinds of somtam , but start out with the basic SOMTAM THAI , and experiment from there if you like , or just stick to that .
- Every restaurant will be able to make you PAAT PAK SAI TOHOO RAAT KHAO ( fried veggies with tofu on rice ) .
It & # 039 ; s fried , but not much oil is used .
It & # 039 ; s a low - fat dish .
- Thai salad rolls with peanut sauce are fantastic , if you can find them .
Leave out the peanut sauce for a super-low calorie dish .
- Eat a lot of fruit .
Thailand is the land of fresh fruit .
Durian is high in fat , but I don & # 039 ; t expect too many foreigners to even go near it .
- You can also buy 0 % fat yogurt at any 7 - 11 store .
Gn0pfo40aa penguin 1315785363 1316265803 Now that BTelsh is back , can we try and get along till Week 1 of the NFL season . . ?
till the Bears lose to Atlanta Week 1 .
2011 - 09 - 02 06:41:55 1314970915 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110902064155AAmz3Pb</Link > Ubon Ratchathani I5TqwtwJaa GTAP ! !
( Go Tigers and Padres in Free Agency ! ! )
http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4cdb42d4i102dzws139mud/dtN08Nw8er47kv4vk1pOgkKn3GLtC7FBUDTkXzTEYw--/12/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QB8tGgYUMT</UserPhotoURL > 6 1 He is a good poster , glad he is back , but we will still be cut throat .
XD DLevM7WDaa mjr2013 --
Lions will go 17 - 2 ! ! !
1314983185 1315103738
BIG problem with a co-worker ... help ! ?
I have worked at my current place of employment for 3 years now .
I have had more than enough of my selfish , double standard co worker .
Im not sure how to approach my manager about it .
1st off we both hold the same position , but she has been here a little longer than I. She comes in whenever she wants , doesnt clock out for lunch until she gets back from getting her food then proceeds to take a full hour while I am doing HER job .
She makes up schedules for routine office duties , but she doesnt do them when its her turn .
If we slack off on the schedule for a day , she runs into the managers office .
She has all of our passwords , and if we get behind on our work she tells the manager again .
Yet , she doesnt do her job , she is barely ever here ... she calls in ALOT .
She just recently found out she is pregnant , and is now using that as an excuse to be out of work all the time .
She does not ever have to produce a Drs note , like the rest of us do .
She is the `` managers pet '' and can do no harm in her eyes .
We all get micro-managed and get in trouble for very little things , but NOTHING ever happens to her .
I need advise on how to approach my boss , or if I should just give up and find another job .
I hate to start all over again , I have 4 kids and feel like I just cant take this anymore !
2011 - 10 - 05 15:39:49 1317854389 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111005153949AAHbntB</Link > Buenos Aires lyEBBPiMaa short E doowop http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1uTYbZNxMAAEDNmE_UJQTO7gB.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 Well you are in a pickle here .
If you go to your boss , you risk getting screamed at or even fired .
If you do n't , you will have to live with it for the rest of the time you work there .
I suggest that you take some of your other co workers that have the same thoughts as you and all go to your boss together .
Then , your boss ca n't fire you if he does n't like what you have to say .
Also , if you can get enough people , the boss will see her as a set back for the company and might fire her .
I 'm sure you will like that .
4j1MSWRKaa Jacob 1318199393 1318373635 Heloow yahooo ! ! !
introducing my self , iam bond !
james bond ! ! ! ! ! ?
hey people , if u want any help u can get me at my personal yahoo account bbond@ymail.com , ok bond !
james bond ! !
`` think twice before u act . ''
2011 - 09 - 30 06:51:05 1317390665 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110930065105AAPEyr8</Link > Rosario Fc1yQNfxaa johnny http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1zbWZQ_zFAAAC_IFH5N00DA==.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 Just another Retard .
Cy9MgEppaa Vivoto 1317391124 1317909833 is argentina a good place for a business ?
2011 - 08 - 24 09:18:21 1314202701 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110824091821AAEEV5z</Link > Carilo nBmGMJbPaa Aud Doering http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 i depends ... ... you ask very strange questions haha Qxpp9sopaa Steven 1314202871 1314722043 Where do they hold weddings in Iguazu ?
Loll I have never heard of Iguazu but I liked its name so I picked it :
P 2011 - 08 - 20 21:40:08 1313901608 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110820214008AASf3qg</Link > Iguazu CVr8TZ0Aaa Justice http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48b.png</UserPhotoURL > 6 0 crap i got ta go = /
uhhh Bree !
Do you take Everything & Maynot to be your lawful wedded Huswomens ?
May not & Everything !
Do yall take Bree to be your lawful wedded Huswife ?
m'kay in the power invested in me by Y / A community guidelines ... i pronounce you all ManHusbands & wifes !
`` runs away '' gt7wZrDFaa myugenjin 1313904407 1313908703 could i start a business in argentina ?
( zuri speakers ) ?
haha i not olf to stat business ... .
j ' iwll atlk rizu ... os nac k ?
lla j ' awtn ot od is nowred .
hahah : ) 2011 - 08 - 17 22:24:38 1313645078 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110817222437AAPmeRI</Link > Carilo nBmGMJbPaa Aud Doering http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 auh - havfie !
ewll , fi uoy awtn ot tsrta ti uoy ksa omer ... ... ... ohep htsi ehpl ! ! !
: ) Qxpp9sopaa Steven 1313645452 1314164596 do anybody hate lebron james attuide after loosing ?
Lebron in his interview said people who hate gota go back to there same old lives which was very immature of him and showed to me that all the criticism people diss out at him does effect him no matter what he says to the media and for him to act like he is a better person because of his check to waters just mad him look bad and hopefully when he matures he will say that was ignorant to say .
2011 - 06 - 12 21:28:34 1307939314 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110612212834AADu8wY</Link > Iguazu UcR7E19laa Joseph F http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4db29e05i2a39zws114mud/ypCQmYQ7dKNmga0bBUO.vIgn/2/tn48.jpeg?ciAa60QBzsC9ogOh</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 I love it .
It makes him look like a bigger idiot .
fd747af047fac4ce6b0786a13d942ae6aa postal p 1308008282 1308115904 local business ... ... ... ... ... ... . . ?
2011 - 06 - 06 13:15:59 1307391359 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110606131559AA9ch9J</Link > Bariloche g90Ugnqyaa vigilant http://a323.yahoofs.com/coreid/4ddfb8fbi4c0zws150mud/_IIECCM6crRE07.djJup5iUHVT14C38H21eZrIaK2XCOHHw-/2/tn48.png?ciAa60QB_D_IBYpo</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 i not guess aITnKP4Saa sayan 1307391427 1307408061 What is the shipping time from Buenos Aires , Argentina to US ?
Small package from eBay . ?
2011 - 05 - 09 14:30:02 1304976602 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20110509143002AAWXTqP</Link > Buenos Aires SWT29FJEaa ... . .
o , ooo http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48e.png</UserPhotoURL > 2 0 What method of shipping ?
First class , parcel post , UPS , Fedex ... ?
7Z80PiYBaa Sono il Primo Papa Ateo 1304977328 1304980789 Could you tell me about West Virgina ?
2010 - 11 - 04 14:55:03 1288907703 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20101104145503AASYmGO</Link > Other - Argentina 7rZpesrdaa Shy_Rose http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 1 Nice place for a quiet life .
ZA11WBR2aa Mr. X 1289254766 1289430801 How could i get rid of irritated red puffy eyes with the gooey gunk discharge with in a few hours ir overnight ?
The discharge dries up quickly glueing my eyelashes togeth causing me to , out of irritation and habbit , wipe my eyes trying to rub the crusty gunk off and pull my eyelahes apart so i can see.its very stressfull i cant take it anymore .
i tried compressing cold and hot rags on eyes , tried artifficial tears but the gunk keeps flowing out more and more .
PLEASE GIVE ME GREAT ADVISE !
2010 - 10 - 02 22:54:09 1286085249 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20101002225409AAZS5w2</Link > La Plata Hrr0Bt7paa frickepete http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 Sounds serious , something that could only be diagnosed by by a doctor .
Probably a bacterial infection .
Maybe an allergy in which case you would need to remove the irritant but , with the sticky discharge you 'll probably need antibiotics .
Zfo642Puaa Mr.Stevenheim 1286090404 1287383536
Japanese cigarettes in japantown ?
Is there a place where you can buy Japanese cigarettes in japantown ?
I heard you can find mild seven there from a Japanese classmate but he doesn & # 039 ; t remember the shop .
Any ideas ?
2011 - 11 - 08 11:55:33 1320782133 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108115533AAiOznr</Link > San Francisco KHP0z7t3aa Gym http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 light and small bag for disneyland ?
i & # 039 ; ve read a lot of different posts about what bag to take to disneyland but no one suggested lesportsac .
they & # 039 ; re really light and thought it might be good to take ?
are they not a good option ?
2011 - 11 - 08 11:50:20 1320781820 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108115019AAzZ32o</Link > Los Angeles voFVcZmEaa AK http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 How much would it cost to live in New York City ? ? ? ! ! ?
hey everyone , i & # 039 ; ve had the hardest five years of my life , and i want to get away from the UK and my life .
I & # 039 ; m planning to do this when i finish college , which will be in the summer of 2013 , before hopefully going to university .
How much on average will it cost me to live there considering : flights ( there and back ) hotel / apartment rented for 2 months food clothes everything else i know it will be a lot of money , but i just wan na take a break from my life , and have fun because i know i deserve to be happy .
I already have 2,000 saved , and i know it will be way more than that .
I don & # 039 ; t want you to answer this question saying & quot ; just get on with your life in england&quot ; or & quot ; sort out your problems&quot ; , even if i didn & # 039 ; t have problems and crap , i & # 039 ; ve always wanted to live in NYC for a bit : ) thanks guys Xx 2011 - 11 - 08 11:49:55 1320781795 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108114955AALZ2KA</Link > New York City rsN5RzsCaa megan babes xxx http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1ygRp1WbrAAEC10SCZlAqK2gB.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 How old do you have to be to go to a club in California ?
2011 - 11 - 08 11:46:59 1320781619 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108114659AAgCRBH</Link > Other - United States QlhthnD3aa Silke Firlefijn http://l.yimg.com/dg/users/1zBXvXhz2AAEDdKKbQCa1NcoA.medium.png</UserPhotoURL > 3 0 Need to find cheap way to get from San diego CA to RotterDam NetherLands ?
Attempting to find a cruzship or somthing please HELP me cant find a dang thing on the web I have money for it , I agree it would be best to leave from NY , but elaborate please 2011 - 11 - 08 11:36:30 1320780990 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108113630AA8XqI5</Link > San Diego 4Stbd0esaa Nicholas Leipold http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48c.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 how to meet new friends in the area ?
i live in new jersey and im 18 , my parents are planning on moving to florida to miami or fort lauderdale .
but since i already finished highschool how could i meet new people in the area ?
itll be alot harder for me .
my 1 year class to become a clinical massage therapist is gunna already end by the time we move .
2011 - 11 - 08 11:34:56 1320780896 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108113456AA6hg93</Link > Miami OOY6rhguaa dylan http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity/nopic_48.gif</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Garage Door Parts Supply , 127 Columbia Avenue , Passaic , NJ. 07055 ?
Find business phone number 2011 - 11 - 08 11:30:03 1320780603 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108113003AAwG8RB</Link > New York City eBRn7io5aa WINSTON CUPID http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48c.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 I want to turn 19 in New York in January ?
Hey im going to New York from the 8th of January to the 22nd because on the 15th I & # 039 ; ll turn 19 and was just thinking if any one has any ideas of what to do when im over there .
Thanks .
2011 - 11 - 08 11:27:04 1320780424 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108112704AAqcuUV</Link > New York City ZOJ9Taneaa Davis http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 0 0 Cheap resort deals for honeymoon in Az ?
2 - 4 night stay in phoenix or sedona for my sisters honeymoon this saturday night .
looking for a really good deal , already tried all the popular sites , hotwire , travelocity , groupon , etc. are there any places I could call for specific honeymoon deals or something ?
Our any coupons specials going on right now ?
2011 - 11 - 08 11:25:39 1320780339 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108112539AA1zDdq</Link > Phoenix k3ZUcUEoaa One http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48d.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0 What happened to Rochester , NY Public Market ?
I heard it was an awesome place to shop and you would feel at home .
No way .
I got there on a Tuesday and it was horrible , crackheads everywhere ghetto African American women with like four kids screaming , smacking them in public .
One peed on herself when she got smacked , when the bathroom is like two ft away .
It is really depressing .
I can & # 039 ; t move because I am in College so I have to wait two years to finish .
ok !
I & # 039 ; ll try then 2011 - 11 - 08 11:19:16 1320779956 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20111108111916AAHTCPj</Link > New York City iJ8SDFFnaa http://l.yimg.com/a/i/identity2/profile_48a.png</UserPhotoURL > 1 0
